this camara is perfect for enrty level.. does all the work for you.
was a gift for my wife, got a great deal with the SD card and extra lens for free.
would recommend it to anyone

I love my new camera.
It feels great in my hands and it is easy to use!
Very happy with this purchase.

No matter if you're a beginner or what this camera is however marvelous and it's an resonable price .

I love this camera.
Its perfect for beginners or someone that just enjoys taking quality pictures.

It does everything perfectly.
And price is awesome.
I take some art class pictures with it and does great job

This is a very good camera.
It's value is more than what you pay for.
I would recommend this product to buy.

Great lightweight camera, wonderful pictures.
Easy to use.

Really great camera but it took me a while to understand how to use it but after you get the hang of it really good

I bought this camera mainly because of the great package deal it had and I know several people who use the Rebel T series.
It is a very nice camera but I found it to be a little much for me as a beginner.
I also bought the Sony a6000 and found it to be more user friendly and more comfortable to handle.
The worse thing for me about this camera is its big and weighs a ton with that 300mm lens but it really is a great camera.

My wife has wanted this camera for several months and I got it for her Birthday.. She LOVES it.

Good Camara package great pincture and the zoom lenses are great.

I like this camera so much.
I bought one for my husband for his birthday and he really loved it!

Love this!
Great camera!
Easy to operate!
I give it a 10

After making this purchased I found out that it was an entry level camera and not worth the purchase.
Nikon had a better camera for less money.
I took it back

I love this camera!!
Its easy to use and makes beautiful pictures.
This is the first camera of this type I've owned and it's not as hard to use as I first thought it would.

You can do so much with it.
Several features and great camera.
Still learning to use it but so far I like it.

This is a great beginner camera at a good affordable price.

I have very little photography experience and I find this camera simple to use.
The user guide is simple to follow and understand.
This camera takes great pictures and I look forward to taking better photos with this camera.
The price was what I wanted to pay and has all the features to start this hobby.

I have enjoyed my new camera and accessories!
I would recommend this package deal and the price was amazing!!!
!

Bought it for a teenager.
Starting to become interested in photography.

Awesome pictures come out of this.
Took great pictures of my daughter playing t- ball game

The price of this was just way too good to pass up.

Very impressed, this was a recommendation from a friend who is a photographer, glad I took her advice

I have a an older canon xti which has been good but the T5 is faster and can tell that the picture quality is much better!

Really nice features for people getting serious about photography.

Really happy with this camera.
Exceeded my expectations.

This camera is a great camera for a beginner photographer.
All the extras are fantastic along with the bag to store your camera.
The only thing I bought extra was a battery and with that you should be all set to take pictures anywhere.

Very good dslr camera for the price.
Bought this for my trip to Europe and was not disappointed.

Great camera, great price would recommend this camera

Huge improvement from point and shoot cameras.
Highly recommended

I like this camera.
I've used it a lot.
Has many features that I have not used yet.
Comes with a nice bag also.
It's to bad that some accessories you would like to add cost far to much.

Easy to use.
Great first camera.
Good price for the bundle.

i bought this for my daughter and it is a really good camera.
Easy to use and takes great pictures.

I do like this camera but wish that it had a stronger zoom lens

We took it for a family trip and couldn't be happier.
It is a great size and takes amazing pictures.
I give it 4 stars because we had to buy a carrier and memory card.
We wish that was included.

definitely for someone interested in photography as it is does not come with many special auto features.
only has M, A, S, P, and Auto mode.
Lens is nice!

I'm taking a star off because the menu text is rubbing off and I can no longer get a cable into the HDMI port (don't know why).

Excellent camera and lens.
Great pictures in low light.
Biggest complaint is the WiFi APP is pretty pathetic.
Is not very flexible and lacks options.
Bad enough I resort to just manually transferring images the old way via the card or cable.

Love this camera, great pictures and its easy to use.

Overall a very good camera for its size.
Good image quality and lots of manual settings on switches instead of in menu.
But the exposure dial gets moved easily against the body if you have shoulder strap like mine and camera hangs on the side near the waist.
Because of this, I am returning the camera because 80% of the time I took the picture and noticed it being too dark, and saw the dial got moved to -3 EV on the dial.
If you carry it other ways, I guess it would be perfect.

The LX100 is a very, very good camera.
It's perfect for any advanced photographer that wants a camera that they can carry around without bringing extra lenses.
The leica lens on this is excellent, and at f/1.7 it is still very sharp.
The 4k video recording is excellent, as well as the rest of the video functions- face tracking, stabilization, etc.
Excellent ergonomics and size.
It also looks really sleek and professional.

At first, I was in the process of finding a small, compact camera that was great for video.
I was looking for something to complement my 5D Mark iii as a second camera.
It came down to two cameras - Sony Rx100 IV or the Panasonic LX100.

Awesome point and shoot with a super quick lens, very fast and accurate autofocus, great in low light with the f1.7.
Wish the flash was built in but I have really not needed it much at all.
S not really an inconvenience.
4 k video is great.
Retro look with the individual controls.
Intelligent auto not bad at all, but this isn't really meant for using in that mode only.
4x digital zoom still auto focuses fantastically.
My only real complaint is the placement of the exposure setting.
It can pretty easily be moved unintentionally and you have to be careful to notice your shot turned out over or under exposed because of that.
I am now very cognizant of that.
But other than that, very worth every penny.
This camera is a perfect addition to the GH4 or G7 as a fixed lens partner with pretty much the same capabilities if you are a beginner to early intermediate.
Could not be happier!

Almost identical to Leica dlux 109.
F1.7 Summilux!
Photos are fabulous.
Alternative to a dslr for much less bulk.

Good camera for potrait photos, 4k video.
Very good camera for beginners

Great camera with many controls which are easy to use.

This camera produces excellent 4k video, the still photos in my opinion were a little bit of a let down at higher ISOs

Awesome camera.
I bought it to shoot theatre and it has done well in low light.

Great camera, took a little time to learn all of the features....
But definitely happy with this!

Wow, this camera is simply fantastic.
It takes absolutely amazing photo's and super quick.
I have large hands I find it alright to hold and take photo's.
Its fast, responsive, and build quality is very high.
I hearitly recommend this camera to even amatures for taking fully automatic pics or to pro's that can fully use all the manual adjustments.

I love having separate controls for shutter speed, aperture and exposure compensation.
The controls are so convenient and easy to use they encourage me to think more about the photos I take and and dial in the appropriate settings to maximize the quality of my photos.
Using the controls is fun!

I wasn't trying to replace my Canon 60D, but instead find a camera that I could use when I travel.
I wanted a high quality reliable camera that was light and portable.
It had to have convenient access to basic controls like aperture and shutter speed.
It did not bother me if the camera was a point and shoot with a fixed lens.
But how often can we afford to purchase a camera with a Leica lens.

Great camera with very good lens.
Has special options and is versatile.
It takes great pictures.
I also have a Canon 5D mark I I and this is a great substitute when you don't want to carry so much weight.

This is a great camera upgrade from a point and shoot.
The quality is top notch and sharing is made easy with the wifi.

This is a great camera that opens the world up to alternate lenses for MFT.
Get a speedbooster and keep your existing lenses or go for the SUPER cheap FD Canons from days past.

Awesome battery life.
A double benefit because this thing will record in 4K until the battery is dead or the card runs out.

This is my second Rebel and is a great deal and quality,

I would definitely purchase this camera again.....

The battery life is pretty fantastic.
One battery lasts about as long as two batteries in the 7D or 5D Mark III.
I purchased a couple spares, but even while I'm out shooting for the day, I have yet to pop in a third battery.

Great camera.
Amazing camcorder.
Options galore.
Metabones is your friend.

I purchased the GH4 to make short films, my main focus is video.
The video quality is amazing.
I purchased both the zoom lenses at 2.8 and the work well for me.
I also purchased a couple olympus prime lenses that look good as well.
Definite WIN for me and i price matched and got it for $1299.

Battery life is awesome when shooting 4K.
Very impressed

Awesome Camera.
With a little knowledge you can get around low light issues.
Battery life is incredible.

Awesome camera.
Love it.
Bought the 12-35 and 35-100 Lumix GX lenses too

The GH4 suited my needs well.
Records 4K, 1080p 90fps Slow-Mo (no sound) with no time limits directly to SD Card.
F-Stop and Aperture dials made tuning the picture easy on the fly.
-- I like how the JPG stores this information so when I review my photographs in Shotwell the information is presented making me more aware of what them Zebra Strips (turn them on 90%) was about.

The battery life is also outstanding if you primarily use the excellent viewfinder rather than the real LCD.
So if you're a photographer and need to travel light, I can tell you it's made a huge difference to me.

This is my first camera and I am enjoying how intuitive its operation has been.
I would definitely recommend it to a friend !
!

Amazing piece of equipment, light weight and just feels right in the palm of your hand.
I purchased the gh4 for its 4k capability and its cinematic quality video.
The gh4 has exceeded all my expectation and for the price its definitely a steal.
However, one little draw back is the gh4 ability to perform in low light.
This can be remedied with a metabones speed booster both available for nikon and cannon glass.In addition the camera does take quality pictures and the 4k picture capture is a plus.
Overall this is a quality camera and I am very satisfied with my purchase.

Buy this camera for the video, not for the stills.
If most of your work is stills, you'd be better buying a larger sensor camera with more lens options.
Sounds cliche, but it's true.

I'm an independent filmmaker who prefers filming on DSLR's for their affordability, creamy depth of field, and portability.
This camera exceeds on all levels!
I've had the GH4 for over a month now and already after the first couple days I knew I could never return to my Canon 7D - which I loved for so very long.

I bought this camera as a starter camera to learn how to shoot better.
I really like the video option for 4K though it performs poorly in low light.
My stills have good quality and are suitable for what I wanted at this time.
Be sure to get extra batteries as the battery life is not great--I record a lot of images.

my first real camera.
I'm impressed so far.
too many options that I have to learn how you use

The 4K Ultra HD feature is a major plus in this small camera.

Unbelievable amount of quality packed in this 4K video camera which acts like a superb still camera as well.
Razor sharp focus.
Outstanding feel.
So much value.
And weather resistant.
I asked several pro photographers who use this and hey swear by it.
The GH5 will come out soon, but this is packed with value and 4 k is all you really need for the foreseeable future.
The video capability is stunning.

for photo I do not think it's so good in fact lacking in quality, but 4k video is amazing on many other brands dslr!!!!!
it's amazing+++ video DSLR

We were looking for the perfect gift for our 6 year old granddaughter's birthday and saw this darling camera.
We indeed hit the jackpot.
She absolutely loves it!
Especially because it has her favorite color, purple!
We are very pleased with our choice and would highly recommend this digital camera for a first-time photographer.

I bought this camera for my granddaughter and she loves it!

Would not recommend this camera for your advanced photographer.
I bout this thinking i could make money for my photography business and save some because it was only like 39 dollas.
It is bad....

They are excited, just can't wait to see the pictures @ videos.

I bought the Canon Rebel T6 for my college age daughter and she loves it.
She says it is easy to learn to use, she loves the Wi-Fi feature, and the battery life is good.
Great camera for her and she has already used it often.

The zoom lens is super cool and takes great pics when you hold it fairly still.
It is a great little camera.
The case is pretty awesome and it is a good deal to buy it all together.

This Camera is a great addition to my photography collection.
It has advanced photo tech and is not over bulky.
It has a great zoom without losing quality.
This camera will definitely assist me in my journey to photography greatness.

I got this for my toddler as he is always trying to take our camera so he can take pictures.
It is durable, but I am disappointed at the quality of the pictures on the screen.
It is hard to see what the photo actually is.
I have not yet tried to download and print so that is TBD.
It is disappointing though because he cannot scroll through and see the photos he has taken.I probably would not recommend this item.

I've already taken over 500 photos with the camera and it performed perfectly.

I bought this for my GF whos getting started with photography, plenty of features and the lenses are good.
Great battery life, only gripe is no external mic input.

Bought for daughter.
Has many options and easy to use.
Great first camera.
I've been use to Nikon for years so the system just feels a little light and cheap, but performance seems fine.

Not being a skilled photographer, this camera is perfect!
Easy to use and takes gorgeous photos!
It does all of the work for you!
Great battery life!

Love this camera!
Takes excellent photos.
Great battery life.

my daughter loves her camera and the excellent performance especially now with all these event.

Excellent performance, easy to use, great tutorial online.

Bought this for a four year old.
Lots of fun and very instructional!

Quality of pictures is only ok. You get what you pay for.
Film is expensive

We had a great time taking pictures with all the kids.
My daughter and her friends took pictures all day long.
Great memories made that day.

My daughter wanted this camera for Christmas; this is a case of "what's old is new again" kind of like vinyl records.
Apparently this is becoming popular with the kids.
The pictures come out very small, so make sure you are ok with the tiny photos.
We took a bunch inside at night, and the room light levels were enough to produce decent pictures.

I bought it for my daughter for Christmas.
She loves it.
Like me when I was a kid with my Poloroid.

Bought this for my 10 year old grand daughter.
She loves it !!!
Easy to work..
The only disadvantage is the cost of the film.

My daughter loves this camera.
Her sister also has one and they love the instant pictures they get.

Camera is easy to use, and light to carry and hold.

My granddaughter loved it.
Easy to use.
She enjoys passing out the photos she takes.

My granddaughter loves this camera.
Easy for her to use.

Bought this for my 6 year old daughters and they absolutely love it.
Durable, works great, and it's very easy to use.

Bought this for my girlfriend, it's a cool modern style Polaroid instant camera.
Takes nice pics!
My girlfriend is very happy with this camera!

Got it for Christmas and i love it.
Works perfectly!

great camera for my eleven year old granddaughter.

Simple to use good for a teenager.
Handy and fun.
Good for having instant prints.

My wife loves the ability to produce photos instantly, and I absolutely adore the novelty of having an instant camera again.
Fuji made a fun product that brings old ways of photography back to the forefront.

Fun cameras for kids who never knew about Polaroids and instant pictures.
They love watching the pic develop.
The colors are fun, too.
The film is a tad expensive.

This is the type of camera that is mostly for fun and for someone to have ready-made photos to take away and give away!

Highly recommended for younger children to use.
Very easy to operate.
Quality is very good.

i love this little camera, super fun and easy to capture quick moments.

fits nicely in hand.
Produces wallet size photos instantly .

I've been using this camera for a while now and very impressed with the picture quality.
It's a small picture but comes out instantly.
Great for craft work.

I bought it for my daughter for Christmas, it is a lot of fun talking small pics and they are ready to print and see.

My Grandaughter loves it.
I gave it to her for a Christmas gift.

Quick purchase n fast shipping to me which I was very pleased so I was able to surprise my daughter before Christmas.
Great value for the price.

I grew up in the Polaroid era, and remember all too well having to wave the photos back &amp; forth while they develop.
It was cool at the time, but like everything else, outlived it's usefulness.
Fast forward to 2016 and this winds up on my daughters Christmas list.
I won't lie, I think this is completely ridiculous, but she loves it and it works great.
It's fun to watch the terror in a 12 year old's eyes when you tell her that she has to pay for her own film, which by the way, a 12 year old can rip through at a staggering rate.

This is exactly what I was looking for, and my granddaughter really wanted this, it is a great little camera for the price

I know, digital pics are great, but this cam with it's instant photos is very cool.

This camera is very neat and it reminds me of back in the day.

This is a fun camera and I love it!
Makes a great gift for anyone!

Happy with the performance for what it is.
But plastic melts easy.
Cord melted into the camera and it was not even in the hot sun.
We are not sure what even happened.
Was very odd.
Battery case was fine.

Love this device so far, the only issues I've had is understanding the brightness features for using flash but I've had some great photos taken so far this summer!

So glad I found it and can't stop using it.
I love it

This is a great camera and wonderful for having instant photos that you can give away.
The film itself is a bit pricey and it is really easy to burn through it if you're not careful.

Bought this for my 12 year old daughter and she absolutely loves it!
She's taking her first trip to NYC and is excited to capture her visit.

Oh I love it so much it's doing so good I had another one but it's actually broke.
No one's fault but my own I love this camera and I would recommend it to just about anyone.
However keep in mind it is a toy camera so in a way and should be regarded as such although performance is totally top notch for the price.

Great instant film camera.
Amazon has these at the lowest prices (I shopped around).
Overall, the product has performed well - just be sure to have it on the right setting when you are outside or else your pictures will come out too dark!

We're planning on passing it around to guests during our wedding for a fun keepsake instead of a photo booth.

Love this camera, and we bought it to take fun pictures and post around the house.
The only issue is sometimes the film gets jammed and you end up exposing the whole roll trying to unjam it.
A plus is the film is $10 for 20 sheets vs the competition.

This camera was a gift for my teenage daughter and she loves it.
I just wish the film cartridge was more than 10 Polaroids.
She goes through really quickly.

This camera is very convenient because you get your film instantly but the photos are very small and the photos look far away.
The film is also very pricey.
You are paying $1 per photo.

Kids love the instant picture; amazed how picture suddenly appears like magic...

I am very pleased with the durability and performance of this instant Polaroid camera!

Love the pictures they take and how instant they are.
Pretty colors

This is an awesome camera, I take it everywhere I go

I love these cameras so much!
They're so cute and awesome!

I bought it as a gift, it´s a perfect camera to create original memories

Bought this camera for my daughter's b'day.
She has had lots of fun with it.

My son wanted a camera to take instant pictures while we were on vacation.
He enjoyed it immensely.
The only reason the rating wasn't 5 stars is a few of the pictures never developed despite following the instructions.
Overall the camera works great for a beginner or someone who is solely used to taking digital pictures there whole life.

I bought this for my granddaughter who loves to take pic.
It was easy to put film in and easy to use.
Price could be a little cheaper.
But it is a nice camera and takes pics well.
Taking pics to far away can look to far or small.
I gave a 4 for price.

It was awesome and easy to use for anyone young or old

Camera works great and plays welll very worth the money.

Bought it for a niece for 16th birthday.
She loves the size and photo performance.
Pics are great.
Price was right, and extra film bought was well worth it.

My daughter loves this camera.
It takes great pictures and she is able to capture and create amazing memories with friends instantly.

Not a great camera but a good instant picture camera.
Quality is what you expect but print outs are a little small

I got this camera for my daughter on her birthday.
She loves it it's very fun for instant gratification of great moments.
I was waiting to see if she would use me as a first picture given that I paid for it and she did which made me so happy.
Lol

Got this Camera for my daughter for her 10th birthday she loves it takes nice quality pictures my 18 year old daughter liked it so much I had to buy her one to.

The pictures come out so light that you cannot see what they are.
Very disappointed, does not work.

My granddaughter absolutely loves this camera and the fact that the pictures are immediately available

I bought this for my daughter's 18th birthday and she loves it!
She takes it everywhere she goes.
I would recommend buying the matching case, as I did, easier to carry.
I'll be buying another one for my 14 year old who's been begging since her sister got hers.

I bought this as a gift for my sister and I absolutely love it, I'm getting one for me.
She loved it, it's easy to use and best size for scrap booking.
The only but it's that the cartridges are pretty expensive.

I love the fact that the pictures come as soon as you take them really nice for insta memories etc

This camera is not the best out their but it works, sometimes the pictures dont come out, sometimes they come out too dark, even after adjusting the setting.

Camera creates memories for a special event.
Have a picture instantly produce.

Easy to use she's having so much fun with it.
Best price on film here too.

Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend.
Turned out to be an awesome camera.
Not ideal for a compact camera but the photos come out clear.
It is stylish and great quality.

I find this camera fun and it makes clear pictures.

purchased the camera with price much lower than another store.
great deal!

It was a gift.
The person enjoyed the camera but was having difficulty with the film

This camera is amazing.
Im in love with my camera.

I bought this camera for my 10 year old niece and she loved it.
It was easy enough for her to use and she has never had a problem with it.
Great gift idea!

My wife and kids love this camera.
Its a modern Polaroid.
Picture quality is good, not great.
But it's what you would expect for the price!

Got this for my friends daughter for her birthday.
She just loves it!
Good quality camera and pics.
She can't get over how you take a pic and it prints instantly, highly recommend this for any child!

I bought this for my daughter's field trip, it was such a hit I had to purchase a second one for my youngest daughter

Great camera.
Good quality pics, bought a pink one for our 11yr old girl.
She loves it.

The color is nice and the quality of the photos is really good.

The pictures that this camera takes are pretty small but they print very quickly.
I think it's a perfect camera for scrap booking or creating a collage

Adorable camera.
Small and easy to take with you.
The pics come out so artsy!

I think it's ok but I wish the film I put in would be cheaper and more in it.

A simple YouTube video helped me understand all of the settings, but this cute mini is easy to take along any day as it is very compact and light.
So far, I have no come across any downsides within my two months of usage.

easy to use, great pics!

Gave one of each to my kids....they love it...good to be able to introduce them with Polaroid ...like the old days....only hung this has better quality than the old one during 80's.....

This is good camera for beginner and easy to carry.

Bought this camera for my wife as a gift, she absolutely loves it.
We take it with us everywhere.
Great way to capture memorable moments.
Highly recommend this to anyone.

I love it, its small and cute and I love how my Polaroids turn out!

Absolutely love this camera.
It bring you back to the not so technological days and it's a great way to capture those special memories without going onto a store to print them off.

Such a great little camera.
So much fun!!
My clients absolutely love receiving the little poloroids!

I was skeptical about buying this camera but I am glad I did.
Haven't had a problem with it.
Highly recommended.

Love this camera!
We are using this for our wedding guestbook, and it works perfectly.
Did a few test shots and is exactly what I expected!
Will be perfect for fun gatherings and recording those memories for scrapbooks - yes we have our phones to use, but sometimes you want something a little old school and it's great!

I snagged this item up when I first dropped price and ever since then I've been completely satisfied.
Great little pictures to save memores.

the camera is pretty amazing!
the picture quality is very good.
Fun camera to have

THis was a perfect gift for hard to buy friends.
Fun item to have around.

Good product, I would suggest this as a great gift for teens.

I love this camera.
I got one for myself long ago and I got this one as a wedding gift for my friend.
She was very happy.
Is really fun and I have the photos in my office or living room hanging

This camera is fun, cute, and small.
It works great and the film isn't too pricey!

My niece is having a great time with this camera.
She loves the pics and how instantly she has the pic

I Absolutely Adore This Camera.
It Gives The Pictures Some Type Of Vintage Effect That I Love &amp; It's Honestly The Best Instant Camera Out There.

Got it for my little sister and she loves it.
It's great right then and there kind of pictures.

The Fuji Film instant camera is so fun and is easy to take with you!
It's a little bigger than your palm so it fits most places.
If you loved Polaroids, this will make you feel nostalgic!

Great pictures and lots of fun I think the color is way better than the competition I returned a polaroid to get this and I'm real happy with my purchase

Like this camera a lot it's good to take pics of my new born and It's simple to use...

Would recommend to a friend easy to work with and load

Exelente camara instantanea, prara tomar fotos y cargarlas en tu cartera..

Purchased for my daughter, she loves it, takes the cutest little pictures.

I love how easy camera is to use.
Love the pictures.

Cute little photos at the touch of a button!
Easy to use!

Very easy to use.
There are a few exposure/lighting settings that are easy to learn.
Film can be expensive but can be found online for cheaper.

This is such a cute little camera that you can take anywhere, very convenient!

Only the photos are better!
If you ever had an instant camera in the 80's, you should have one of these!
You won't regret it!

i got this for my friend and she loved it its so cute.

I think it's the best thing you can have in your hand and save the memory at the same time see it in your hands.
Not only that it gives a perfect result &amp; you can keep a pic of your lovely spouse, parent or dear ones in your wallet.
Just make sure you choose the right mode, it will take time for people who don't usually know about cameras but kids know about it way too much.
They know all the good angles and how far one has to be for a good and crisp picture.
I always get extra packs of Fuji film cuz I don't like running short of em.

Don't like that the eye hole doesn't match up with what will actually be taken

This is a must for all of those who want the latest gadget.

My daughter thinks this is so cool!!!
Guess it woulda been cheaper to keep my classic model, but as long as she's happy!!!
MY only complaint is that it's SO BIG and spits out such TINY pictures.....

cool idea being like the old Polaroid cameras but tech is not quite there.
Pics still end up overexposed in the sunlight

This camera was purchased as a gift for my mother, who is technologically challenged.
She has an iPhone, but only uses it as a phone, and she loves to share old family photos.
After loading the film in the camera and taking a few test shots, she is able to use the camera with ease and she says the pictures are good quality.

This camera is for fun quick pictures!
My kids love it!

This camera is so easy and so much fun.
The pictures come out so much better than the original Polaroids.
Love using this for all occasions.

This camera was easy to use and reminded us how much fun it is to get an instant picture!!
What was most surprising was the high quality of the pictures - we used it at a recent party and let the guests take home thier pictures as part of the party favor.

Reminds me of the Polaroid days!
This is a great camera!

Expected better quality pictures.
Need better instructions on how to set.

My kids love this camera as well as my wife, brought back memories

Great camera that has a full full frame sensor in a small body.

I bought it for my baby and the quality of the picture is awesome.

This sony camera is very nice and takes good pictures, I had a little problem with the auto focus hunting to much for this high price camera.

I've had many digital pocket cameras in the past and have never been satisfied with them, because I wanted to use them to "capture the moment", and the time they took to focus and shoot was so slow, that the moment was long gone by the time the picture was taken.
Most of them had the "press shutter button halfway to focus" feature, and when you did, they would flash a light on and off rapidly and the focus would go in and out for a few seconds, annoying people and scaring away pets and wildlife.

Got this camera because I wanted a compact digital camera with me where ever I go, and let me just say that the Sony RX100 series are by far the best of its kind, you won't regret getting it!

This camera is great to take to the field or travel .Compact size, but excellent quailty photos with 1in sensor--comparable to DSLR with out the weight.
Good for even more serious photographers that love to have settings to enhance their photography.
Can add a filter adapter from Lensmate to use with your filters.
Great versatility in a compact size.

The rx100 is so easy to use.
The battery life on it is good for over 600+ fine.
Takes fantastic night pictures

If f you want near DSLR quality in a pocket camera this is the camera of choice.
Solid well-made and easy to use.
obviously you don't have the lense choice or indoor quality of a DSLR.
I already own one of these and bought this as a graduation gift for my photo oriented son.
I have seen several serious DSLR photographers who carry one these in their pocket and everywhere they go..

Great for Travel Photography &amp; Video, from Australia &amp; Fiji to Europe...Spain, England, Italy and France... Capturing the beauty and experience.

This is an overall great product at a good price.

mostly good pictures, but annoying gross lack of focus in pre-set scene "SCN" modes, especially SCN-Portrait and SCN-Macro modes.
SCN modes take over all settings and should therefore take care of everything.
But no: the AF will pick up objects around the all around frame EXCEPT the main subject in the center of the frame.

The camera takes nice pictures but where is built in flash in the case is very unconfortable to hold and take pictures i bougth one and returned because the flash and is very frágile when the flash go out

Heat lightweight camera you can put in your pocket but still able to use dslr features when desired.

Excelent camera.
Small, but very powerful, with a lot of functions.

I have only had this Camera for a short time, but I am very impressed with it.
It has several "auto" shoot functions, and all the manual functions of a DSLR camera, and yet is compact enough to carry everywhere.

I own the first RX100M1 and RX10M1.
The hot shoe, NFC and the tilting LCD that I like from RX10 are featured in RX100M2.
It's still pocketable unlike the RX10.
My new purchased RX100M2 will go everywhere with me.

Just what I was looking for.
I'm liking it.
My new cam.

I got this same camera for Christmas and accidentally left it in the rain and ruined it.
I loved it so much, I bought another one!

I love this mark II rx100.
If you re looking for something as close to having professional compact camera this is the way to go.

Great camera, beautiful pics, just wish we used this more than our iphones

I like this camera.
Takes good pictures.
The cons are that the flash is right where you put your hand to hold the camera and the wireless upload does not work with the iphone 6.

Takes amazing photos, love the small pocket size..

The pictures are so clear and looks amazing!
I love the dslr features!
So happy with the investment and I take it everywhere I go.

I have owned many Canon cameras and have really enjoyed them.
This is my first Sony.
I love the variety of scene options as well as the intelligent options.
So far, so good!!
!

Was looking for a DSLR but ending buying this... its very compact and takes great photos and video.

We bought this camera as a replacement for our more robust Nikon d90 which was great but a pain to carry around.
So far we couldn't be happier we made this purchase.

So far this camera has been great.
It's easy to use and takes some fantastic pictures.
I do have some trouble with night time images, but I think I just need to dig a little more into the features.

This camera took great pics.
Bright, crisp, vivid high quality pics.
It is very small, so great to carry in a purse.
It is a little awkward to hold with two hands because of its size.
Left hand gets in the way of the flash popping up.
I was disappointed with the lack of zoom.
I wanted to be able to zoom in on my kids on the football field.
If you don't care about zooming in much, it would be an awesome camera for you!

If i had the choice i would purchase the first RX100.i think with the rx 2 and 3 your just paying for the lcd screen

Love this camera.
My pictures and videos has quality that surpasses my expectations.

This is a great camera for any user but highly recommend if you are looking for a smaller camera alternative to your DSLR.
There are times when I want something in between a DSLR and Smartphone.
This fits the bill perfectly.
The Sony RX provides a lot of versatility you are used to in a DSLR but with a much smaller footprint.

I returned a Samsung NX Mini to get this Sony RX100m2 camera and I'm so happy I did that.
The Samsung camera did have a better exterior styling design, a touchscreen, and some useful features, but its picture-taking capability wasn't as good as the Sony RX100m2.

A wonderful compact point and shoot.
Smallest camera for the specs offered.
Completely happy with purchase.

Though I have not yet gone through all the features, this camera is the best I had for a long time.
Pictures in low light is fantastic, quality of colors is very good.
For a amateur, I am very happy with my purchase.

