The DVD has worked great so far.
Not an issue sand would recommend it to anyone.

This was indeed a great purchase.
They allowed me to price match walmart's price.
It works great!
!

Bought two for our church.
Easy to install and use.

This is my second Sony DVD player.
They provide good quality pictures and are great for listening to music and books on CD!

WORKS VERY WELL IN OUR FAMILY ROOM, THE PICTURE QUALITY AS WELL AS THE SOUND IS EXCELLENT.
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT TO OTHERS.
THANKS

This player was easy to set up and use.
The picture quality is very good, as was the sound.
The price was also very reasonable.
Very pleased with this purchase.

I just needed a basic DVD Player for an older model (2006) TV that is not a Flat Screen.
This fits the bill perfectly &amp; like the product description says, it has a "crisp, smooth picture with quality audio".
The price was very reasonable, as well.
I really appreciated the salesman who showed me the various DVD Players as his product knowledge helped me in my decision.
I am very pleased with this DVD Player as a player with more features would have made no difference on an old TV like mine.

Just looking for a reasonable cost just to have an extra DVD player

a good ,no frills dvd player.
standard hook up, nothing to mess up.

I bought the dvd as a gift for a friend and she loves it and uses it every day

I use the DVD player for safety presentations, interfaced with a projector.
It fits easily into the projector carrier so I can use 1 bag for my presentation media.
Clear picture, easy to use.

The sony dvd player is simple to setup and use.
Works great and no issues.
If you want a simple and reliable dvd player and don't want to spend much cash, this is the one.

Product has very good picture and is easy to use.
Great quality for the price.
Would recommend it.

haven't really used it.. need to use it a few times

Needed a basic DVD player at a reasonable price.
This totally was what I was looking for.
Quality at a great price.

I LOVE WATCHING DVD'S in the comfort of my room, in bed snuggled up next to my dog.
I don't have worry about my husband not wanting to watch the movie that I want to.
It's wonderful.

We bought this DVD player for our workout area.
It's small yet durable.
So far it is working great!

Affordable.
Good quality for the money.
Doesn't have optical cable output.

We bought this when we upgraded our for RV TV the previous one had a DVR built in..
This one is small easy to op pirate and quality picture it takes up hardly any room great for small areas.

I just needed a basic DVD player to play movies in a spare room.
Nice small unit that fits perfectly on top of my cable box.

Brought this for my 7 year old great-granddaughter.
Easy for her to operate.
Great value for the price.

I needed a Simple DVD Player for the office..

This player has a very small footprint and tons of features.
Everything you might need in one unit.
Loads menu quickly.

This is the fourth Sony I have purchased, and I have been more than satisfied with these products.

Will purchase another one.
Great buy..............

bought this for my Mother.
She is happy with the simplicity of it.

Now days some of us still want a simple DVD player just works and this model does it right.

affordable dvd, easy setup, sharp pic, hdmi slots, luv it!!!!!!!!
!

My ex needed something just for movies.
And she wanted it cheap.
Works great.

failry good product for budget conscious person and it's good for kids room; however, it does not show very good colors with HD high end quality TV

We needed it so we bought it.
Had a great salesperson who probably thought I was NUTS!

Very good player.
Sony quality is really good, Connect using USB Port and the quality is real good

I bought this for playing my kids cartoon dvds and the kid is happy

This is a Sony.
In my opinion it's enough said.
I am a big fan of any Sony product.
This is just the right size and extremely easy to use.

It simply does what it's supposed to do and I love the HDMI connection.

DVD player easy to setup and use, good price, and upscales.

This was easy to connect to my new TV and easy to operate once I got it connected.
The picture quality is good and the sound was movie quality.
A good product for the everyday not so savvy watcher.

My previous Samsung switched to HDMI automatically as soon as a dvd was inserted.
This Sony you must switch to HDMI with the remote.
I figured with a Sony TV/Dvd combo would be better than with a Sony/Samsung, but I was wrong.
I still like it, but not what I was expecting.

We had a cheap one that broke in a few months with only a couple moves.
Got this one on sale for $10 more than the last one and love it.
Picture is great on her basic TV and it can okay any type of DVD, so we don't have to worry if it is BLU-Ray or not.
Remote is basic and it hooked up really easy.
Plus it is compact so it fit perfect on her chest of drawers.

Easy to set up and use.
Even kids enjoy using it and watch their favorite DVD-s without any adults assistance.Thank you

great DVD player.
I ended up getting 2.
Picture is great.
I bought this to replace one I had for years that eventually died.

Installs easy, HDMI compatible, compact.
Affordable compared to others that are available.

bought because of the HD option, easy set up, but the menu is somewhat confusing.

I like this DVD player very much.
Using an HDMI cable and an HDTV, regular DVDs appear to have Blue Ray quality.

Player does a great job up-converting regular DVDs.
Had a slight problem figuring out audio compatibility with a sound system, but the Sony Customer Service group was very helpful resolving this issue.

I was skeptical about up version, but I can tell a difference with the picture quality.
Still not as good as HD, but better than my old DVD player without upversion.
And pretty good price point.

Bought this for a spare room that I use for kids.
They have used it quite a bit this year and it is still working

It was what I expected for ordering on a short time frame

Just an ordinary DVD player.
Nothing extra associated with it but it plays videos just fine.

Try it.
Compare to blueray.
Is the difference worth the price?

This is a nice, small, basic DVD player.
I don't have it connected with an HDMI cable and the picture is still great.

Its a worth while buy.
I would recommend this to a friend.

Nice little unit, plays great.
Don't forget to buy the cord that is not included.

If you're looking for a low-priced, great quality, easy-to-install, and simple-to-operate upconverting DVD player, this is the one for you.
It took about 5 minutes to unpack, hook up to our TV, and figure out how to operate the remote.
And the picture is almost Blu-ray quality too.
I recommend it without hesitation to anyone who does not want to buy a more expensive Blu-ray player.

Great picture, great sound, incredibly easy set up and its so small!
What more could you want?
luckily I had an HDMI cable already and thats all I needed to plug it in to the tv and start watching.
And I got it within 2 days of ordering it.
Very happy with this purchase Great item, especially for the price.

Got this to replace an old one that died after 10 years.....setup was a cinch and operationality is a piece of cake.
Love it, love it, love it!
!

I bought this to replace another DVD player that finally broke.
This one is much better and boots up faster than some of the others.
That is one thing I really like about this DVD player.

I bought this for the kids to watch their DVDs.
Seems sturdy enough to withstand their treatment and easy to operate.

We have only used the product one time &amp; were pleased with ease of use &amp; value.

I bought this dvd player for a young teen who's previous player quit working.
The Sony player was smaller than her original one, yet had much better features.
I was amazed at the quality of the pictures from the dvds played on it.
Definitely a good player for someone on a budget or a young teen.
Hopefully at some point, blu-ray players will be available at similar prices by Sony.

This is a great DVD player,

Good DVD player for the money, it plays most format.

DVD works great with my TV I installed wiring was a breeze and had no problem mounting unit.

This DVD player is a great value for the price, nothing fantastic just a solid player.

This DVD player works great and is very useful for people who just want a straightforward DVD player without a bunch of extra buttons and fancy features.
We got this for my grandpa and he loves it.
He uses it daily.

Bought as gift for a child.
Easy to use.
Good resolution on regular DVD's.
Compact unit.
Easy to hook up.

A decent DVD player.
Not fancy.
Basic.
I don't really care about picture quality though, but it seems fine to me :) It works, and I like it.

This DVD player does the job and is cute as well as compact.
For the price it is everything I need.
I do not watch TV so, every now and again I will watch a movie.
Currently no complaints.

Good starter DVD player, I would recommend this to another user.

This goes great if you have limited space for your electronics.
The quality of player is just as great as the ones that costs a lot.

I was looking for something basic and didn't want to spend a lot of money.
This player is perfect...
It is easy to use, does a great job playing DVDs and the price was right!

I thought this tv would be a good match for the insignia tv we bought for my son's play area, but it wouldn't work out of the box.
No HDMI - the price is right for a legacy DVD player (when it works).

Bought it for my daughter.
She's a college student and lives in a dorm.
what i liked about the product is that it's small and does it's work.
Great picture and very easy to set up.

NICE SMALL DVD PLAYER THAT YOU CAN EVEN TAKE WITH YOU ON TRIPS.
ALLOWS SO MUCH EXTRA ROOM ON THE TV STAND

good product, easy to use.
needed a new dvd player and this does all I need it to do

This dvd player is great for the price.
The remote is conveinent to use and the "pause" works instantly unlike ones i have had in the past.

It was hard to get it figured out at first from the instructions on the cable set up.
Once we got the right cable (all 5 connections required) it was easy to view.
The picture goes well with the tv.
The remote was easy to use.
Great for just watching a movie.

I just needed a simple dvd player for my grandson, and this worked perfectly for him and I , we love it

This was purchased to go with the new TV we bought for our camper.
Good picture and easy to set up and IF it was stolen, we aren't out a lot of money.
So easy to use, even my husband can do it.

This is a good basic DVD player, but it has one shortcoming that I'm finding annoying.
There is no display of time elapsed or current track during movie play.
The DVD player shuts itself off fairly quickly when you pause it, so you may lose your place in the movie when you try to resume playing it.
Some movies will automatically restart at the point where you paused, but others just go back to the beginning.
If you tend to watch things from beginning to end without stopping, this player is fine, but if you are prone to interruptions, consider getting a more full-featured player.

Very easy to use, great for kids rooms, or for small spaces.
Easy to hookup.
Easy remote control.

I wanted to smash the thing to bits.
You get what you pay for.
Each time you pause or stop the player shuts itself off after a very short time.
I had to reload the disc, sit through the previews, set-up the DVD with subtitles, etc each time I stopped!
There is no digital readout on the machine so you can't see where you were in the movie.

this is a very compact dvd player works great with all tvs and is easy to set up for everyone and easy to move from room to room

Awesome inexpensive DVD player connected easily to Insignia TV.

Good item for the price, easy to use....not that difficult my grand kids have learned how to work it with no problem.

Does what my mother needs it for.
Great price

I guess you get what you play for, this player is a piece of junk.
No matter what TV I hooked it up to or what connections I use the picture was awful.
I will be returning this as soon as possible!!
!

Great DVD for the price.
Works great and was easy to set up

Tried to order an S53 model but thought I was upgrading to something better.
Nope, this model does not show anything on the face to let you know where you are at in the cd.
I do a lot of slip tracks so yopu have a need to know where you are going.

This DVD player is great,it meets all your needs and with 1080p upconversion it's very easy too hook up with great sound and video.

This DVD Player is compact, slim and plays well through HDMI with the 1080p up-conversion.
The Web add showed component output which would have been best for my use, but no component output was available.
It does work great with my Panasonic HDTV.

plays great with the upconversion.
the usb slot in the front comes in handy to plug in a stick drive or hard drive

If you still use a VCR, this one should fit the bill.

I like the first one so much, I bought a second one for another TV.

Just plug it in and play your VHS and DVD's.
No special knowledge required,

was considering just replacing last dual unit with dvd only unit since we really watch dvd's then the grandbaby came along.....Gotta show the Disney VHS flicks in all its un-technolgy to appreciate :)

Performs as expected.
A little pricey but you can hardly find any new combo players nowadays

very easy machine to use, set up of machine was fast.

This seems to be the only way to get a VCR today, but we are quite happy with the machine.
We have been able to watch several of our old Video movies, and they have good picture and sound quality for videos.
There are very few makers of these machines, but we are pleased with this one.
The VCR part is nice and quiet and rewinds quickly and quietly.
With so little choice on the market, thankfully it is a good machine.

If you're like me and still have some VHS tapes around that you can't give up and can't replace with Blu-Ray, then you'll enjoy this player.

BIGGEST PROBLEM IS WITH TIME-WARNER WHICH WAS NOT USER FRIENDLY WITH SETUP PROCESS.

printer was exactly what i needed at a great price

Little disappointed at the motion blur, particularly with movies.

I needed both a DVD and VHS player for my Health classes, as I still have a few curriculum movies on tape.
This device allows me to use both and it works nicely with our built in projectors.
Recommend for anyone needing both.

I would buy this product again and also recommend to someone elso

the remote graphics are terrible.
very difficult to read.
would be much better if graphics were white in color.
difficult to program for recording times.
i just quit trying.
DICKIE

Good working unit - price was fair - happy with its performance

The installation of the DVD/VHS player was very easy.
The quality is what is expected for the price paid.
I have not had any issues with this unit.
Very well made.

The first player I purchased ate the VHS videotapes- the second player I exchanged it with works just fine functions well and easy to use.
Staff made experience very easy.

It was a decent player until it ate a tape.
I was using it a ton though due to a project

Plays VHS tapes and DVDs fine.
You have to have different connections for VHS and DVD, which I consider a serious drawback.
It is not really 'unified,' the VHS and DVD are completely different control UIs through the remote.
If you must have the low price, and don't mind the segregation, this deck does the job fine.

The DVD only plays jpeg files and I can't get the vhs to record anything.
It'll play an existing vhs tape but can't record on it.
I tried to get in touch with support/Toshiba but they have been non-responsive.
A waste of money!

Item fits my needs to play old vcrs and favorite dvds in my office so I don't distrub the main tv

Have lots of vcr movies and this is easy to use, also the dvd player is very easy for us old folks to understand.

Just perfect for what I needed to watch all my tapes/disks I have collected during the years.
Easy to set up and connect.

pleased with the purchase.
have not had any problems.

This is a great product.
Is exactly what I was looking for in terms of a DVD and VCR combo.
Definitely recommend the product.

Toshiba Still Keeps on Top of it's Reputation of Being Up to date with All their Product Line.This DVD Player/VERY Combo with easy operating instructions, easy set up,anyone can use it to its full advantage.
Great Combo without paying an arm n leg for two separate units.
I love it and like so many Toshiba Products that I glad to own from The Original Laptop Inventor to Television Units ,etc.
That are currently use in my Home.
Always look at Toshiba Products before you shop and you be a Very Happy For Life Customer

I have video tapes from the time my Daughter was little.
Looking forward to playing them for my Grand-Daughter.

Just wanted to find a basic item that plays both.
However, this records from tape to DVD.
Which I barely use but it'll have to do.

it works really great.
the picture from both are clear

this unit does not record dvd.
only the vcr section does so you cannot transfer vcr tapes to dvd is not possible.
also, a lot of shows are now copyrighted so you cannot record these to dvd.

I was able to get it set up by myself, which is a great thing considering I am electronically challenged.

I am very satisfied with the purchase of this product.
After initial set up was complete I have had great service out of this item.
This item Is awesome.

This machine works good.
Glad I purchased the machine.

I'd recommend it.
"Buy one.
Go ahead, do it".
See!

This DVD/VCR combo is perfect for watching old favorites from your childhood or new releases!
It is high-quality and very easy to operate.

These days there are very few TV/VCR units available, this one has all the features needed and was not too expensive though not really cheap.
Good if you still need to play VHS tapes.

I like this product.
I haven't had much chance to use it lately, but from what I've seen, it does the job quite well.

So far it has worked great.
Easy to install.
Wish it had cable tv functions, but for the price, it satisfies my needs

I really like this because you can play all kinds of movies.

This is great for viewing my old-time movies and old-time tapes.
Easy to use too.

Bought this one for grandkids and bought another for living room.

It took only minutes to hook-up and use.
It works great so far.
I hope it lasts for years and years!

This is an ordinary DVD player with ordinary performance which is all I was expecting in the $40 range.
I like its small size but don't like the distracting noises when a disc is loading and searching.
Low talkers in a movie might not be heard, so keep the remote handy.
You'll also want to place the player in a well-lighted area because its black-on-black buttons can be difficult to see.
The remote is adequate and works well.
Over all a fair deal.

This DVD player was just what we needed.
It works wonderful, was easy to install and we have had no problems with it.

works well under my 24 inch samsung smart tv in kitchen-very happy with purchase

This was purchased to replace an old dvd player my 4 year old stuffed with toys.
Excellent picture quality and easy set up.

Plays well when I use it.
Video and audio are very clear

It is a very nice dvd player and the price was excellent

DVD player works fine, good picture quality with my Samsung HDTV.
Only complaint is it's a bit noisy as it reads the disc, but you learn to ignore it.

Great features for value.. We gave this unit away for a golf outing and people where impressed!

Works great &amp; can't beat the price!
Bought to replace an old, worn out, DVD player.

Works great, up-conversion option is excellent, and plays every DVD my old basic player couldn't/wouldn't play

Very easy to use.
Takes up little shelf space.
Great for a small bedroom or workout room.

it looks good, everything in my living room is black so it matches well obviously.
Only problem is, i have to unplug it and plug it back in to watch a dvd.
For the price though, can't beat it...

I just need an inexpensive something that was compact in size, to play CD's on through a stereo system in my Master Bed Rm &amp; Bath.
This Dvd player will work for now, and sale price was good

Good product for the price!!!
So easy to use my 3 year old can start a movie..

It's a great DVD player again simple easy to use and HDMI.

Easy To Use...Works Very Well With My Samsung TV...Great Up Conversion To HD Quality Picture.........................................

We use it on the job site for safety videos.
It's easy to use and works perfectly.

Would always buy Samsung products I think they make very good products

Didn't work when I got it home.
Dvd would not eject.
Hag to return it to the store and associate was able to recover my Dvd from product.

Needed an inexpensive dvd player for workout room, went with this one due to the HDMI output.
In comparison to my Blu-Ray players this player seems prehistoric, but it does play dvds which is all I needed.
It is pretty loud and sometimes i thInk it may explode though...

This was recommended by a friend and the DVD palyer has been up to expectation so far

I bought this upconvert DVD player to use for my 2nd tv.
It works great for the kids to easily watch movies and shows on dvd while making thr picture fill the screen.

Really easy to set up with a great picture quality for anyone searching for a nice dvd player.

Had this for a month started to freeze up, returned and replaced with same unit.
Same results.
Would not recommend.

Excellent product n easy to connect...
I enjoying playing my music n movies n also pictures that I put on cd.
No complaints about this product n the best

