Can be wall mounted, easy network set-up.
Great if you have a Xfinity wireless router, this allows more hard wired connections to be run thru the router, currently it has one wired port .

Nice and small, fast, reliable, inexpensive and very easy to secure.
Great product, I am going to buy more of these.

provides extra security by being able to configure -- allows you to set it up so that it will not allow looping back on a network

Plug and Play.
Compact size.
Nice

It functions as expected and I enjoy the usb ports for charging.
I use it for my home to connect my desktop, raspberry pie, nas unit, and hue lights.
It was easy to attach to the leg of my desk.
As long as it remains functional I'm happy with the purchase.

My old one wore out and all I had to do was unplug the old one and plugin the new one and connect all the devices I had and bam it all worked!
I did not have to run software or be some kind of computer expert.
It is a very good item for a very good price.
It works awesome.

Netgear is a nice gigabit switch in a very small and solid package.
I very much like the metal case and small adapter.

The Software was horrible for this managed switch

Perfect for small business owners in retail!!
Fast

The USB ports are convenient to charge cell phones.
The GSS108E was easy to install and operates silently.
As this is a home network setup, I am not using GSS108E's VPN or other advanced capabilities, but they may eventually be useful.

Adapter is small as well fit's my small in wall network center.

This is a great product for a home network.
Smart functionality allows for lab setup situations where different vlans may be needed.

Got the product I ordered.
Came with all accessories in good condition.
Works great.
Would recommend this seller to others.

OK, I thought, maybe I can find a way to configure this securely enough, despite the laughably absent security.
But there are no other options to help make HTTP-only manageable.
It's not possible to limit admin access to a certain port or VLAN - in fact, there doesn't seem to be any form of ACL available for the admin interface.

This Netgear switch is the second one I have bought.
The first one I have in my first house has worked for over 5 years enclosed in a wiring closet with no problems.
This one is just as good in build quality with a metal housing compared to other brands with molded plastic housings.
Only issue is the power plug orientation make is difficult to plug the electrical plug in the outlet in a residential wiring closet.
Had to run the power cord outside of the wiring closet to a normal wall outlet.

The 8-port model has very convenient USB charging ports, a nice bonus feature for a professional workstation or home office.
Both models are solidly constructed, and for the price, both are a steal.

Adequate as a switch, but obsolete design and terrible firmware that makes secure management effectively impossible to enable.

Buy an unmanaged switch or check to make sure the software is from this century, the management software is a joke.

It works for what I am using it for.
I don't think I will use the VLAN capability at this time but will in the future.
POE is a nice feature on this, well port 1 is POE

Great plug, play, and forget device

It works well for my initial requirement of migrating data and continues to work well as I use it to split the Ethernet connection coming out of my wall.
With good cables (am using Cat6).

The switch was very easy to set up and works great.

Obsolete firmware features make security management an unholy nightmare.

Our old switch was not delivering the 150+ speed coming in from our new cable provider.
As soon as the old unit was swapped with this new unit, the network PC's were running internet apps 10x+++ faster.
Perfect size and speed for my department

It does a good job.
Small quick and easy to setup.

Bought a new NightHawk router and needed a good reliable switch to expand my connections for a home network.
Matching a good Netgear switch did the job.

The USB charging ports are handy for plugging phones or other electronic devices so they can charge.

I love the USB charging!
I like it, and I hope it finds a market because it's well made.

provides extra security by being able to configure -- allows you to set it up so that it will not allow looping back on a network

I actually bought this for a co-worker of mine to replace a Netgear router that wasn't quite up to standard of what they needed.
I don't know why but after opening up the box one of the antennas was popped off it's base.
I was able to secure it back but I don't think that's how it was supposed to arrive.
In any case, the owner of this product is very pleased with it's results--especially the dual band feature which they use the 2.4GHZ for the laptop and the 5GHZ for the tv and Samsung Galaxy 3 phone.

Worked fine for about 3 months....

Easy to use and set up and the item purchases works

This product was highly recommended.
I think there are as good products out there that don't cost as much, are easier to understand and work as well, if not better

Intro:

I have a couple of the RTA15 routers and many of the APA20 access points.
All of them have good coverage when they work.
I have to reboot the devices almost daily.
I have reached out to Amped Wireless numerous times.
I am told they will send a replacement which has never happened.
The problem seems to be with the firmware.
Please get this fixed Amped Wireless.
If you could fix this issue you would have a product worth bragging about.
If I could rate this product worse than Poor I would.

I was hoping the amplified signal would be better than my existing Cisco 4200 router.
Close to the router is excellent, but when you veer away about 20 ft, the signal is inconsistent.
Will wait until all bugs are figured out.

Not a bad router.... but the router is supposed to cover 10k square ft.
THIS IS NOT EVEN CLOSE.

Already had 3, but needed more space so I bought another.
Basically just plug and play, but still has internet portal for fine tuning the settings.

Purchased this access point having purchased others in the past, Offers decent range with internal antenna, very good when paired with an external antenna (purchased separately).
Does require technical knowledge of WiFi to setup properly - there is no wizard to walk a beginner through setup.

Super easy set up, great reception through 7000sq ft

Works very well in our small office.
It was easy to setup with the directions and was deployed within 10 minutes of opening the box.

Set it up, worked until now.

Connection and setup was easy.
The range seems to be excellent.

We bought this to replace a previous router that had to be rebooted three or four times a day -- on a good day.
This router is working extremely well for us with strong signal throughout the house.
We already had a booster on the second floor and it connected to it quickly and easily.

WiFi reaches further than expected or needed and transmits at maximum speeds.
I am more than satisfied with this purchase.

I bought this to replace my N300 router since it started dropping.
This is very easy to install and really handles my multiple Xbox's and other items hooked up to it.
I love the Netgear Genie that helps set up the router.
I would recommend this for home use!

Nothing special but it does the job.
Range seems to be OK but not outstanding.

easy set up and worked after a few adjustments in the location chosen.
This was used in a pro audio/video installation with other wireless devices.

The signal strength is a lot stronger than the old one, even when the desktop is in the conner of the furthest room.
The 802.11 ac is perfect for the HD video streaming on my ipad air 2.

I was what we were looking for.
It is a nice size &amp; works great.

I have about 6 thinkgs I need to connect wireless and I needed a faster with AC Capability.
I choose this one entry level Yest with all the features I needed.
Working as expected.

I picked up this router on sale.
I haven't had any problems with it so far.
I was hoping to mount it on the wall, but it doesn't have mounting holes like other routers I've seen.
Even still, the software/app is nice for getting useful data about network connectivity.

This router works perfect for our smaller type house with multiple devices at the same time and also for video chatting

Ideal because it has a wps button for those difficult wireless connections between my computor and printer..
I present router didn't have a button and connecting was impossible

Easy to install and hook up.
An absolute great product!

Great price and easy setup.
Was able to expand the wifi ability in my house.

Very easy setup.
Don't have problems getting kicked off my own internet when my kids come home for the weekend any more.
Range is also much improved.

The setup is very easy and fast.
The instructions were easy to understand.
I had no trouble connecting all my devices to it.
At first I kept getting disconnected on my Air IPad.
Then I realized their are two options regular and 5 G. When I connected to the 5G I haven't had any more problems.
So now I am satisfied.
That first few days I considered returning it til I figured out the 5 G. I wish it had a guest network like my previous Linkseys.

I realize that I just got a lemon but still felt I needed to share my experience.
First I researched for a LONG time and finally made the decision (based on reviews mostly ) that this would work best for me.
I have a 2 story home and needed something to go through walls, floors, etc.
I finally ordered on-line, then picked up at the store.
That all went well.
I get it home, unpack it, plug it in and nothing.
After some troubleshooting to no avail I got on-line with Netgear.
After 62 minutes of back and forth corresponding with the tech support rep he asked me if I had a different power supply that I could use.
That's when I said "Never mind, I'm returning it" to which he concurred that was a good idea.
So I'm back to using my old one for now and will research more.
I'm actually debating on buying another one so am I crazy?
I'm actually marking No on the question..."I would recommend this to a friend" however, I would share my experience and let them decide for themselves.

I have it on my desk in my home office and it works in every room of the house, in the basement, in the garage, and in the attic.
Supports 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz as well as AC WiFi protocol for maximum user flexibility.
Also supports separate 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz guest accounts with isolated networks and passwords.
More expensive models may have more range or slightly higher data rates but this one should be good enough for most of us.

SETUP look easy, but it wasn't cooperating with my modem, so I had to exchanged it for the Nighthawk

Simply follow on-screen instructions and installation is a snap.

This product is great, easy to set up, and exactly what I was looking for.

This was a great choice for us.
We have about 12-14 wireless and 2 wired items going and the signal is very stable.
Good buy.

Its a great product.
It should be the only product used for any PC.
Its easy to connect and user friendly.
The instructions can not be miss understood and support for the product is great.

I have few wireless devices which are located on different levels at the house.
Communication between them are improved.

This router transmits a strong signal far beyond what I expected.
It reaches within every corner of my house and beyond.
I have never had a problem with losing connection and can even hold a signal while outside.

Benefit comes since each unit in the package works independantly

Great Item!!!!
Easy to set up and use.
Small in size no bright lights

I bought this to go with new HP computers with 10 gig Hardrive.
I wanted this to hook up a external harddrive for storage.
It works perfect.
I just can't seem to set up a forwarding port on the Genie or website.

Easy st-up.
fast speed.
only issue was I kept getting error message when I tried to change wifi name and password.
Otherwise, easy to set-up.

Great signal, easy set up.
Even looks sleek and nice on the mantel.

My new laptop has AC wireless and my old router didn't.
Wanted to see if a new router would really make a difference, and wow, lightening speed compared to the old b/g/n router.
Setup was very simple and we've had no issues.
Range is very good.
Good product for the price.

This router is very fast had no problems with it.
I had bought a belkin router but that didn't work out for me.
it was very slow.
Net gear is a better brand and quality.

Easy set up.
Having a dual router has been very beneficial with the college students home for the summer.

easy to set up wireless network its cover whole house

I found this router easy to set up and easy to protect.
It works well.

Easy to update software right out of the box.
This Netgear Router was extremely easy to set-up and begin operation!

Router works great.
My house is 2000 square feet and I can access internet wirelessly inside or out.
Reverse compatibility means this router will not be outdated for a while.
Great Value!

Needed a router that would work through the whole house and tks product worked perfectly.

The range was good and the setup was easy even for those who are not tech savvy.

Best router in this price range.
Was very Easy to set up the router and have good coverage everywhere in my home.

It's a great router for basic stuff and gaming and computing.

Works well except the 5ghz range doesn't seem as good as shown in reviews.
I get better range on the 2.4 ghz band.

I could not get my computer to connect wirelessly.
I called Netgear technical ,assistance and they could not fix the problem.
They told me I had to take my computer to get it fixed.
I disconnected the new router and reconnected my old Belkin unit and everything worked fine

No issues, disconnects if too far away from it, works just fine within distance

This unit is working great the only thing that made it bad was i had to call my internet carrier, that took time.
Beside that in was easy to install.

This router installation could not have been easier.
Literally plug and play.
Range is fantastic and quality of signal is excellent.
Allowed me to convert my 70 year old father's desktop computer to a wireless network with laptops.
He's thrilled to be able to sit on the sofa with a laptop now connected to a network instead of running back to his desktop and uses it with no problems!

Bought this router after a friend suggested it would be better than the 1 offered by Comcast.
They were so right !
Range is fantastic and it was so easy to set up.
Paired it with surfboard modem.
Great choice.

Had this for about a month now and it works perfectly

Bought wrong one its not for cable line as I originally thought

Have had it for a few weeks and works perfect.
Easy to set up with the software.
Like the fact that it has 2ghz, 5ghz and a guest account.
Lots of options, but not complicated at all.

Arrived ahead of time and took only 10 minutes to be totally connected.
I am a retired 63 yr old and not a tech guru - easy setup and now completely wireless.

My router was old and đropping my WiFi signal constantly.
Thought it was my ISP, maybe the modem, but it was my old Dlink.
This new router is great.
Multiple channels and guest networks if you want.
It was very easy to set up and choose settings.
Has not dropped the WiFi signal yet and I'm streaming movies downstairs with no issues.
My dad even got one after I did and his is working very well too.
At one time, on separate channels I might have Xbox one, 2 phones, and a tablet on the network.
No interference issues yet,!

The AC-1200 does the job quite well on both the 2.4 and the 5 Gigahertz bands.
But the best thing about it is the software Genie that sits it up with absolutely no problem.
None of the guessing at all the settings like we all used to have to do.
You can bring up on your screen a map of your whole network - iPhone - iPod - iPad - other computers - printers - etc.
You can also reconnect or change connections using the Genie program instead of using the program for wifi connections that comes with your computer.
It is more fun to play with the Genie screen than it is to use your computer (slight exaggeration).
It also has a "guest" feature so that you can use a different key to connect to the router which keeps the guest computer separate from your regular network.
That feature is nice if you have a computer you bought second hand and you are not sure if it has a virus on it.
I recommend this device.

Loved it as I don't need to reboot every now and then.

I have had a hard time getting wifi to constantly work in my home.
Once I got this it works great!!
Have no issues and was easy to set up

This router was so very easy to set up.
As soon as I plugged it in, it found my network and starting working.....just that simple.
Very much worth the money!!
!

I read several reviews before purchasing the Netgear 1200 AC router.
It was easy to install and my computer was instantly faster .
I love it.

good wireless router has capacity to cover whole house i would recommend to other

Set up had a few hiccups but once it was done, product works great!

I like the netgear AC wireless routers, easy setup and great to get gigabyte speeds over wireless

Super easy to hook up.
It's secure.
It takes up less space.
I just wish my Internet provider worked as well as and was as reliable as my new router!

This router rocks, I am many items using it at all times and it does a great job!

I purchased this based on other reviews and so far it has been great.
The set up is easy and love the software that came with it.
It has 2.4ghz and 5ghz band as well as a guest login.
Have multiple devices connected to it and it performes well.
If you can get this on sale I would recommend it.

Works perfectly.
I wish I had bought this sooner.
Great coverage throughout our home.

This router is nice when it works, but it seems every couple of days I need to reset it to make it work again, then it takes a while to set itself up again

Has performed with high speeds and no problems.
ABSOLUTELY CRITICAL TO DOWNLOAD NEWEST FIRMWARE.

I like the freedom it gives me.
the size is great.

Just what I was looking for great product great #1

Works awesomely, easy to set up and instructions are clear.

Works great with Comcast gateway, very easy setup, copies router information automatically, very good range works from house past detached garage

Easy install, it worked well and increase my range

Guests who stayed in basement bedroom couldn't download from the Internet.
Now they can stream movies

This is the second range extender I purchased and was much more user friendly than the first.
Was able to set it up and get it working right out of the box.

This was the worst wifi extender I've ever used, and I've tried many trying to get the best wifi extender I can.
The only reason this costs more than the better extenders like any of the netgear ones is because it has a touch screen and looks pretty.
It isn't even dual band.
Only 2.4ghz and it hardly receives a signal from your router and the signal it puts out is slow.
I would recommend the netgear ac750 which works great receives your router signal great and is dual band 2.4 and 5ghz and it also has a feature called fast lane technology which puts bot signals together into one faster signal.
The ac1200 is good to puts out a much faster signal than the ac750 and has fast lane tech as well but puts out up to 1200Mbps where the ac750 puts out up to 750Mbps but it depends on how much bandwidth you receive from your provider where you won't get 1200Mbps unless yoyour cable modem is capable.
I also found that the ac1200 which costs approx $100 and the ac750 is around $75 but I notice the ac1200 seems a bit harder to catch a good signal but if it does it is a pretty awesome extender it even has a dual core processor in it.
But all in all I would never go with amped wireless again.
They're pretty with touch screens but suck in performance and cost around $120 and it isn't even dual band.
It's garbage for people that aren't computer say and are pulled in by its looks.
I really didn't want to give it any stars.

this extender had good range and is easy to use with stylus and touch screen

Great Product, easy to set up and use!
Works well!

I was impressed by the amped Wi-Fi signal this unit permitted throughout my house.
However, I have a patrician wall made of aluminum to block sound and the Wi-Fi signal will not penetrate that either.

I bought this 2 months ago to replace the Netgear extender with hopes of providing greater distance to my network.
It extended my network better, but did not pickup the signal from my router consistently.
Called Amped support, they helped upgrade the firmware, which corrected the problem.

easy to install and setup.
it extends internet though my house.

Had to take this back it connected to the network but didn't pass Internet

This device provides better coverage to the remainder of the house than the previous 2 Netgear units that it replaced.
Setup was by far the most straight forward and simple that I have seen.
It does not require an additional device to program it.
If you can find wifi with your telephone, then you have the capacity to set up this device.

Simple to setup and works like a dream in my basement extending the wireless signal all over the house

Easy to hookup and really extended my range on my tv and iPad

very user friendly and easy to setup.
has USB for network drive which i have attached 1tb harddisk

I was looking for a range extender and this was the first one that jumped out at me since it was digital.
The majority of the others were not and add the fact that this was easy to use and took all of 10 minutes to get going was great!
This has definitely extended my range in the old dead spots around my house.

Took my signal in house and boosted it in areas that were weaker.

I had a number of dead spots in the house before I purchased this.
Once I installed it, they were gone.
Internet speeds are great all over the house.

Worked great for a week, then started dropping the signal.
By the end of the second week, touch screen went blank and stopped working completely.
Returned to store and bought a linksys, I like it better and it is still working.

There was parts of my house that my wifi was slow or didn't work at all.
Not only did this fix it but in those locations I had a fast connection.

I bought this hoping it will help make my signal stronger through out our home hard to say right now if it's really helping I feel it's helping but hard to say..
Still early..

Well worth the price.
Extremely easy to set up- no computer needed.
nice display and graphics.
Pulls in 85-95% signal consistently.
Had purchased older versions from same manufacturer-this is the best by far.

Works as described, allows Wi Fi signal in different parts of house and outside.
Small, compact, touchscreen is a nice feature.

Great product!
Would recommend it to anyone.
Works great.
No problems so far

So much easier to set up than traditional extenders.
This thing connects to a wireless network like a cell phone does.

This wifi product helped to end the dead zone in my home.
Set-up was easy and fast.

Good to extend signal all over the house, I would recommend if you need to cover more land w wifi

just keep one for a Home as it's almost covered all area.

very easy to set up and install.
Entering the security key takes the most time.
Signal is very strong, even through brick (interior) walls

The X Box has wonderful graphics and seems fairly easy to use.
The sale price was wonderful, as it included an extra controller and two games.
Thank you!

The time display defaults to the time at the Internet provider server which in my case is in a different time zone so the time is always off by an hour.

Wifi extender was real easy to set up and the price made it a better deal.

I was unable to connect this to my router.
Returned

I bought this because my room was not close enough to the cable router and the router is kinda out dated.
I think the hardest part is finding the go between so that it amplifies enough.
I works great but sometimes I have trouble getting the wifi and then I have to refresh it.. All in all not a bad job for the price

This extender really does give extended range.
I had tried other extenders and had been unhappy with them.

This product was one of the worst things I ever bought never kept connection.
Had to reprogram it daily

Setup in 5 minutes, high gain, very stable despite a 3 floor home covers the whole house

This is great and has extended my WiFi well beyond my expectations!

the range and extended range is pretty good it works well with netgear would recommend to a friend

It has a lot of features some useful some useless but seems to get the job done my signal is much better in the house.

I've used this on a building that has concrete walls and the signal was able to carry about 50 ft beyond the adjacent wall.
Set up was fairly easy with option to set up as extended (booster) signal from router or as a subsystem allowing separate passwords e.g.
for an apartment complex.
Only issue I had was that I could not reset from a remote location such as when I am out of country/area and there was a short power outage.

Great extention for wifi.
I used to have wifi just inside the house.
This was a simple set up took 2 minutes.
Now I go to my back yard and half full strength signal out in the back.
Same goes with the front I'm in the car and I have wifi.
Really good coverage.
I happy with it.

This extender is easy to set up and has excellent range

I've tried quite a few wireless extenders and none of them seem to hold up.
The signal is weak or the signal doesn't hold for very long.
This is definitely not the case with the Amped extender.
I get not only a great signal, but great coverage in a two level home.
It's also very easy to set up and detected our network right away.

I am good with computers,but terrible when it comes to Networks.
Most routers and Wifi extenders require almost a professional technical understanding of netwoking to get them setup correctly.
I was so pleased to find this Wifi Extender !
With its screen, you can connect to a existing Wifi signal just like you do with your smartphone.
You just press Scan to find existing signals, then select the one you want, put in the security key and you are connected !
Also, the range is excellent for this unit.
I connected to a neighboring building that is 200 Ft. away and I get a 79% signal !
What more could you ask for less than 100.00 ?

its really good i get wifi where i didnt before i can now use it outside.

My WiFi in my home was horrible until I got this.
I can now use my WiFi on all three of my floors and I can connect my hard drive up to it and view my things on my smart TVs.

I had to return it for a more powerful one.
I liked the ease of setting it up it just wasn't powerful enough for my needs.

needed to extend my wifi out to my pole barn on my property.
This worked perfectly and now my whole yard has wifi.

had trouble getting unit to connect to certain encryption types (WPA2).
once passed that part item worked like it was suppose to.

Don't know if it's my house but it seems to lose the connection at least one a week but other than that it's fine I love this device!
!

This unit is a quick start and fairly easy to set up.
It has dropped offline a few times but seems to have stabilized recently.
Out of the box, it required an update which didn't fully integrate so the screen was off for a couple of days but righted itself upon update fix.

This is the best idea in Wifi extending I have seen!
It is just like using a phone to see available wireless &amp; connecting!!
!

Bought this last week in order to extend the range of my wireless router.
Simple enough, I've used a Linksys before with satisfactory results, but my previous unit finally died on me.
Figured I'd try this unit since it was on sale.
Don't.
The touchscreen was almost entirely nonfunctional, and when I was finally able to connect it to my network, it didn't work at all.
No signal.
Got my money back, and will stick with a reputable model going forward.
Linksys or Netgear are recommended.

Amped wireless extender bet my expectations and works better than advertised.
It does work with my iPhone, iPad way beyond the range I expected.

Amped has a great range and was very easy to set up and operate

I read the directions and placed the product in a place where my wifi signal was strong and it extended the signal to the back and sides of my house.
Now I can watch videos and access the internet from everywhere in my house including my back Patio.

Very nice item.
Excellent product.
I recommend it.

I purchased this for my kid's house.
They FaceTime me every day and the screen froze constantly because their mom's modem/router is in the basement.
Installed this device on the first floor and they now have good WiFi strength throughout the house.

Purchased first one in store and spent 5+ hours trying to get it connected to wireless router.
When I finally got it connected would not connect to wireless security camera.
Touch screen display was a totally messed up and when it worked typed random stuff.
Exchanged for another one in the store and after 3+ hours wouldn't connect to wireless router.
Piece of junk!!!
!

I am finding it difficult to get a signal at 70% or more to boost.
I can connect easier without it to the area wifi signal at times which is frustrating at best.
When it does get a good connection, it is great and the security of logging in seems much safer than surfing the web directly.

I purchased this extender because of the 10,000 ft. range.
Much more than what I needed but every room now has a 100% clear signal.
I have purchased other extenders but this one has by far surpassed the rest.

It's working good and it extends signal in my house.
Kind of hard to use touch screen.

I use an Apple wireless time machine and network, which despite stringing Extreme and Express devices to extend the range, hasn't done the job.
This extender works seamlessly and took just a few minutes to set up and run.
Terrific extender.

Appears to work.
Not having any issues thus far...

prior to purchase wi fi was intermittent..
Very easy to install and now wi fi works perfectly saving me a lot of money by not using my data.

Does what its supposed to.I have no complaints about product

It extends wifi range to all corner of my my house.

Very simple set up.
Works great.
Very user friendly.

This internet range extender is working quite well.
It was easy to setup.
And the price was reasonable.

Plug in and set up was easy.
Increased wifi signal greatly

This is great for less technical people.
No computer needed for setup.
Setup took less than 5 minutes with the touchscreen.

Easy to setup.
Extends range very well.
Can use to extend jet packs even.

This is the second Amped WIFI booster I purchased.
The touch screen on it is a little bit finicky but it boots my wifi onto my front driveway and my backyard.
I'm really happy with my purchase and would definitely recommend itz

This item is just perfect.
It extended our WiFi signal to the far end of my home.

Router constantly loses signal and the range sucks

My personal space is upstairs and well away from my base router and mac airbase.
I had wifi connectivity, but it was rarely full and not very dependable.
Along comes this touch screen extender and hello full connection and no more loss of signal.

Why don't everybody have a touch screen showing your WiFi provider .
Take the the work out of setting up your Extender

I got this device 3 months ago, suddenly stop working.
I reset it and did all the trouble shootings they recommended.
Including a 1 hour call to tech support.
Nothing!
the Device is not getting the IP address and is not working at all.
Is working when I set it next to the main router...100% signal.
It was working good but now is just a piece of junk.
If you want a extender for 2-3 months go for it.
They don't last at all.

I looked for a good Switch and yours fit the bill.

Good price.
Works great for having more Ethernet ports to connect more devices.

This switch was the perfect addition to my house.
Installs in minutes and has enough connections to complete your house.
The only thing that I found weird was the power plug was on the other side of the switch and that made it hard to fit on a shelf

Not much to say, it's a simple network hub that works.
so far no disconnection issues.

Easy to set up switch works good, looses power always have to reset switch doesn't boot with out reset

No issues so far.
Plugged it in, connected my devices and I was up an running.

I purchased this along with another switch to upgrade my home network.
It installed easily and I could instantly tell the difference in speed on my network.

Bough this network switch when my Ethernet ports on my router were full.
Solid 1 gigabit performance, even showed me a faulty network cable with the status lights.
Replaced it and got 1 gigabit performance from that line.
Got it installed on my living room for 4 devices: Blu-ray, game console, smart tv and tv provider dvr box which runs completely by Ethernet.
Every thing running with no problem, great product.

Nowadays, I dont think there is much difference between many of the unmanaged network switches that you see in market for a given price range.
This one has a metal body and is super quite.
It works as expected and I would recommend this to anyone looking for an unmanaged switch.

Found the product at a great cost.
Fits the small space I have for it.
Was delivered quickly.

This is a very good device that is reasonably priced.
You take it out of the box, plug it in, connect it to your router or internet connection, attach your devices and it just sits there and works.
Whenever you have to reset your internet connection or router, the switch just continues where it left off ... you do not need to unplug it or rest it.

I have no complaints about it.
Basic switch, does what it needs to do.

Best value I could find and does it's job.
Works well.

Great price and with all the functions I need.

I needed more ethernet conditions and this little box did the trick.

Plug and play.
Easy install.
No problems.
Good value for the price.

Does everthing it should snd a very good price.
Works very well.

For its price, this is an excellent gigabit switch.

I liked how easy it was to install.

I have had it for a month or so now and I have no complaints.
It does what it was designed to do.
Its cool, quiet, and supports 1GbE.
A good buy for an inexpensive unmanaged switch...

Rewired my house and this worked perfect for the job.
Brought everything to a central location.

I used this switch to hardwire all of the devices in my living room.
In occasion I am having some connection quality issues that only exist on the devices hooked up to the switch.
Cables all tested fine.
Fairly certain its the switch.

Nice and great cheap product...
Working perfectly....

Plugged in and working great so far.
I filled it up real quick.
It even has a way to hang it on the wall which was a nice surprise.

I needed a network switch for my On Hub router since I needed more than just a single ethernet port.
I looked around, but eventually decided on a TP-LINK because I trust TP-LINK products and it just so happened that the router itself is made by TP-LINK.
The colors even sort of match, so there's that.

great switch, works as advertised.
easy to hook up.

Disregard all the bad reviews.
This item works like a charm.
It's quiet and allows you to connect multiple devices without any buffering.
This is the way to go not wifi.
If people are having problems with this item, it's their modem that has the problem or they received a bad product.
If that's the case, just send it back and receive a new unit.
5 stars across the board.

works great and GIGABIT speeds make a world of difference on my Xbox game play!
quality metal construction too.

Less expensive than some other brands but performs very well.
I ran tests using the "iperf" utility &amp; there was no difference in throughput with or without the switch on the network.

It's what you expect: metal case, works fine without hanging.
Just make sure you know that the LEDs are in the same location as the jacks..
Some routers have the LEDs on the front and jacks on the back.

This switch works great.
Love the ability to expand my internet connections.

Just plugged it in, and it works great.
Use it for streaming videos.
No issues.

This router offers everything promised.
It was easy to install and configure.

The package also contains a second smaller bracket for low-profile computers if you need it.
The three antennas attached easily.

Works perfectly on a Windows 10 Pro system using the drivers from TP-Link's support website.
Great connectivity and throughput when used with a TP-Link AC3150 router.

Great router for any person.
Easy to set up and use.
Very secure and very easy to maintain.
Great range and awesome capacity for price.
50 devices connected and no slow down!
Amazing!

The antennas are a little flimsy and appear to be made of weak plastic, but a little care should prevent them from falling apart.

The 5GHZ is amazing and my connection never drops.
Ping on games is always super constant.

The antennas pull in a great signal from that distance (-54 DBM), and my internet bandwidth tests out at 120mbps over the wireless network, which is pretty awesome.

i was having bad reception in certain areas of my house.
this air port works great.

Unscrewed an open port, put the card in and secured it with a screw.
Twisted on the antennae and started up my Hackintosh and BOOM I had wifi... tested my speeds and they are coming through at over 30mbps, which is about what I used to get wired directly into my modem.

Air port extreme is great.

Received my wifi card 3 days after purchase.
Installed easily onto my MSI board.
Windows 10 picked up the device immediatly.
I was up and online within 5 minutes.
Won't pick up the 5ghz signal, but this particular machine is quite far from the wireless router.
Transfer speeds on the 2.4ghz network is good enough.

Overall, this is an fantastic router if you have good internet service and a house that will well wired for Wi-Fi.
Just read a few how-tos about how to optimize a Wi-Fi connection before blaming the card for poor connections.

Great security features.
Able to schedule internet times for my children.

Attempted to install as per instructions, wireless connection worked right away but caused serious configuration issues with my Dell t1700 workstation.
USB ports wouldn't work, cD-drive wouldn't work, and all programs including internet explorer would open very slowly and become in-responsive.

My connection is very stable and and the card itself was very easy to install.
My router is netgear and ISP is xfinity.
The price is also very nice and the card looks good in my windows/ryzen build.

