This laptop with touch screen and weight is perfect for my business in sells where I need to be mobile

This is an excellent computer, I'm very pleased with this product.

I've had this laptop for about 3 weeks now and it's the nicest little laptop I have ever encountered.
This is my first time owning a Toshiba product and I am quite impressed by it.
This is good for any student who needs something quick, small, light, and mobile.
The battery life on this is impressive for its size as well.
Overall a great machine!

So much better than a Toshiba netbook purchased a few years back.
Great machine.

We purchased the Chrome Books for the kids schoolwork.
But they use them for everything.
They love them.

A replacement for a poorly designed HP Chromebook which finally died.
The 4GB RAM and 1080 HD is an upgrade, but few manual controls limit picture, but it is okay for the pricepoint.
Key strokes feel cheap had to hard reboot twice (not same as PC laptop, so OK)

great Chromebook but inconsistent track pad or untrained fingers.
I developed work arounds but i still can't tell if it is the pad or me.
the rest of the Chromebook is excellent so my recommendation is try the pad out of the box.

LOVE the speed!
Used mostly for surfing and email.

A lifesaver in a busy life for my daughter when her old computer went down in the middle of a bunch of work.

Love my new MacBook Air!
Value for money!
Am a book Apple fan particularly because of the ability to automatically sync with all my devices.
Would have bought a 13" but it wasn't on sale :-( Still..Apple is Apple.
Great product!
So happy with it!

I would recomend this computer but would also check the salesperson as sum do not how ro underdtand what you want and it is very hard for you to get the right product

I can't say enough about my new MacBook Air.
I got the 11" and it is so light and easy to carry with me.
It's the first Apple computer I have owned and I love that it syncs with my iPhone.

So happy to have this MAC, love the keyboard letter size, the screen is clear and sharp.

lacks retina definition, great portability, not bad.
The screen falls back sometime.

the computer is super, lightweight and fast -- recommend for traveling and any other work.

It's not heavy and not big so perfect for daily carry and use.

This is the same computer that my daughter was provided with in high school so she wanted one for college.
This computer is compact and it fits well in her bag for easy carrying, yet it is big enough for getting the work done.
She is very happy with it.

So far seems to be a great computer!
Very happy with the purchase.

MacBook Air features fifth-generation Intel Core processors with stunning graphics, all-day battery life*, ultrafast flash storage, and great built-in apps.
It's thin, light and durable enough to take everywhere you go.
It's also so easy to travel with.

Wanted an easy to carry laptop to travel with, this works out great.

Nice machine, light weight, compact and powerful processing.

My laptop has been really great so far.
The only downside is that I need to buy a portable CD drive but the small size of the laptop is worth it.
Also, it's had wi-fi problems but so far I love it.

Overall, I love it!!
But what I like the most is its resolution.
Also it so portable....easy to use and it turns on/off easily.

Computer is light weight and small.
Battery life is good.

My son loves this product , he wanted it very badly , it was a gift for Christmas and he's very happy.

I have used Microsoft/Windows-based computers since the first PC using DOS.
Sp the change to a Mac has taken 30 years.
While the change in operating systems was a little frustrating at first, I have acclimated and am very pleased.
The computer has a nice keyboard (my first backlit keyboard, the display is very nice, the programs are responsive and startup is very fast compared to my Windows experience, plus the MacBook is light and compact.
I have found that many USB devices I used with other computers work well with the Mac -- I use a USB SD card reader (the Mac has no SD slot), am typing this using a USB to ethernet adapter (my wifi works great too, just testing the adapter today), bought a 1 TB external USB HDD that I use for backups (using a third party backup-disk image software) and storage.
I have several programs that I use on the Mac that I used on Windows, such as Photoshop Elements and LibreOffice.
Setting up my HP printer took a little effort as I muddled until I downloaded installation software from HP.
So although I expected more pain in moving to the Mac, it has been worth the effort.
Over the last 30 days I rarely use my Windows laptop.

I love my MacBook Air!.
It's the perfect size and weight and works so well.

I have only had my Sony TV for 2 days.
Can't review

I was in the market for laptops for my twins heading off to college.
There were PC's rated for specific majors, mostly math based, i.e.
engineering etc.
but this computer had the highest rating for "the best overall computer for a college student......I bought two!

I have been getting increasingly frustrated with windows based computers only lasting 2 years or less before getting so slow or bogged down that I made the switch to the Mac.

first apple and I would never go mac again.
I love it

Researched it a lot and watched the price for while.
So far I am satisfied.
Very light weight and portable.
I LOVE the charger.
It's kinda annoying how easily it detches sometimes but the again it's like hey, at least it's not bending and breaking right?
Genius.
Time to make that charger for the iPhone.

I love buying a computer that:

Light, fast, noiseless and, a true pleasure to set up and integrate within my home network.
Might be a bit pricey compared to other laptops, but with Apple, you really get what you pay for!

Love all the uses this PC has!
Lightweight and fits in my bag!
Can't wait to sync it to my Cricut Air

I was looking for a new laptop and couldn't decide between a Mac or PC.
This is the first time I've owned a Mac and I love it.
So lightweight and the learning curve is not too bad.
You can easily open it and start using for basic things.

Very pleased with this product.
WOrth every penny spent.

Perfect size.
Stunning fit and finish.
It's an apple, what more needs to be said?

I use both Android and Apple and like them both.
I particularly like the battery life in this model, and the touch pad is very responsive even with just a light touch.

This is my first time with a Mac anything other than a phone and a couple of pads.
I found it pretty easy to get around and do most of the things I like to do with my Windows 7.
I gave it a 4 because I would have liked to have Siri on it, as I do with the others.

I love it, I love how small and compact it is.
The perfect laptop

Everything was a great experience!
Keep up the gre

i love this laptop so far , no complain just one word simply love it

This is a beautiful computer, as you all know.
There was nothing surprising about this buy.
I bought it for the weight, I am going to carry it around all day long at work.

Love it!
Have had no problems!!
Worked straight out of the box.

Like many Mac laptops, the MacBook Air was light weight just the way I needed it!

This is my first Apple product and I love it.
The Mac Air is very light and portable.
It has a great battery life.

I am really liking this laptop.
First time Mac os user and it is very easy to pick up on

The MacBook Air is a great computer for everyday use.

Since I am my families IT support - I love Apple products - take them out of the box and hand them over to my daughters and RARELY have to deal with any problems.
So far, this new macbook is living up to that reputation.

Computer works very well and is very easy to use.
The more I use it, the more I like it!

We have used other Apple products before and have been very pleased.
The same with this one!

For different reasons I needed to add an Apple laptop to the devices I own and the MacBook Air that I got not only has all I need but also provides with a very portable laptop that is going to be handy in many circumstances.
I've had some issues making some software work correctly, but I hope I can resolve soon.

I have to buy a new laptop to replace my outdated iMac and Macbook.
I won't buy anything but an Apple product.
All my experience with an Apple are very positive, never have a problem for the 10 years I owned it.
I know it will be the same with my new Macbook 11".

I was nervous about switching from a pc to a Mac, but I'm glad I did.

Love my MBA 11inch.
Its light and compact.
That's why I bought it.
Its easy to carry when I travel.
I hooked it up to a 25 inch monitor for home use.
Works great.
Since its so light, I find myself using it like my iPad mini.
Turns off and on very quickly.
Another great Apple product.

I debated about getting the 13" but am I ever glad I decided to go with this smaller model.
The size and weight are perfect for traveling.
I throw it in my purse and take it everywhere.
You can't beat it for portability.
It's perfect for checking emails, logging into my work computer, and watching movies between appointments.
I use a larger desktop when I want to do heavier work but for traveling, this Mac is a dream come true.

ease of use by employees.
as an asset to the company these employees enjoy the apple

I love this...perfect for college...everyone recommended this instead of a laptop

We got this for my daughter to take to freshman year in college.
It has been good for her and more than enough power for a creative writing major.

good performance in a small and lightweight footprint

As a long-time Apple user, I am hooked on their products, but hesitate to buy because of the price.
I have had iPhones, IPods, iPads, and the MacBook Pro.
I received a cash bonus, so I decided to treat myself to something nice so I switched from my MacBook Pro to the MacBook Air.
I love it.
The functionality and size make this the perfect laptop for home and travel.
The compatible Microsoft Office Apps are an added plus as I am a full-time student finishing up my dissertation.
The ease of transferring my Apps and files make my decision to switch even better.

Like it, I still think that Apple should offer more hard drive size options.
256GB is just too small.

Perfect for school assignments, I got the one with more memory so I wouldn't have to worry about filling it up but I absolutely love my mac book!!!!!!
!

Love anything from Apple.
I have been waiting forever to get a MacBook and now that I finally have it I am delighted.

I am a fan of Apple products.
It's user friendly.
For school the size is perfect.

This lap top is perfect for my 15 year old son.
He loves how light small it is for travel, it's fast enough to use for all his homework.
Great buy!

This was a Father's Day gift to integrate between my father's Apple products.
This is his 1st Time to even use a Mac Book, and he has picked-up on the platform in no time.
He loves it!

My son uses his computer at his high school.
He had the full size version before and it was bulky and heavy to lug around.
This was a perfect gift.

Love it 100%...I also have a MacBook Pro that I am handing down to my 12 year old son...

I've been a Windows user for years and have used older Macs, but this is nothing like the old Macs (Mac +, etc)!
Lightweight, FAST, and so many of the apps I already had work with OS X making app conversion easy!
Plugging this into my home network made it easy to get to existing documents, photos, and videos too!

I love my Apple products, I had always brought PC, but time after time had the same problem with every computer, therefore no more PC in my house, now everything is Apple

This is a great device!
Love being able to sync multiple devices!

Perfect size for business traveling.
Long battery life permits use in extended meetings without recharging.

the screen is a lil small compared to my 15" dell.
But I love it no complaints

Small and lightweight, would have liked to known that there is a 8gb one on apple's website.

User friendly, light and easy to use.
Had some issues with the setup initially but none since then.
5 stars.

First time buying a MacBook and am very impressed.

Had trouble, after a week, that it was slow to change screens or scroll up and down.
Took to the store and they seemed to have fixed it.
This is my first day to try it.

This was for my daughter, a college student.
It is lightweight and easy to carry across campus.
it is easy to use and very reliable.

I am completely happy with choosing the Mac AirBook.
It's my first Mac purchase and I'm completely happy with it.
It's light, easy to use and I'm quickly adjusting!

I recommend All Apple products are the best quality..

Bought a new apple laptop because my old one was full.
I bought one with more memory.
Love apple products.

Once I switched to Mac I will not go back to PC.
It has been a smooth transition.

I love this laptop and could not say enough good things about it.
It replaced a 2010 MacBook Air that I bought when I was going to school.
Which still worked perfectly by the way.
I upgraded to a bigger hard drive.
When I bought the first one I was nervous going from Windows to Mac but, I love it.
It is simple to use, requires almost no maintenance and weighs next to nothing.
I wouldn't even consider buying any other laptop and the next time my home PC bites the dust, I'm replacing it with a Mac too!

This is the best extremely portable laptop around.
Great battery life and functionality.

Apple MacBook has amazing storage space.
Great for working purposes!
Very well satisfied!
!

The computer is very user friendly if you are familiar with Apple products.
Once you get used to the differences of other brand computers, you will love it!

Apple has gone and done it again with this awesome product!

I love the size of the MacBook Air I bought.
Great

I love how light, sturdy, and thin it is.
Really a thing of beauty.
Chose this over the new macbook 12-inch because although no retina display, it was better priced, faster processor, and didn't want to make a hassle over buying expensive usb-c adapters which are not yet the norm.

I love my Mac and it is great for my dual credit classes and streaming videos for that class.

I am a recent MacBook user, but have been in the Apple family for awhile.
I use my laptop for school and way too much Netflix, so I went for the 13" so I could see more without adding too much weight.
I recommend going bigger than this one if you like to spread things out like I do.

Our Mac Air was a great investment for our school age children.

i buy this laptop its just awesome its light , fast and thin

The MacBook Air is outstanding.
This laptop is lightweight and the battery holds the charge for a long time.
The only complaint I have is the on/off button seems a little too easy to push on or off.

Good reliable laptop with quick Wi-Fi and startup.
Purchased 256 gigabit machine to allow expansion.

Slim and lightweight.
Battery life is true to estimate about 8 hours.

I already have a windows system notebook.
This is the first time with a MacBook and, for a while, I've been very happy with the equipment performance.

It has been great its fast and reliable for a college student

I am traveling for a year and this is the perfect size to fit in my backpack!
I just wish it had a bigger hard drive.

I love it for my college courses.
It is perfect and I don't have to worry about viruses.

Bought this to replace my wife's 2011 Macbook Air 11.6".
Screen/keyboard/trackpad are the same but everything else is improved.
Very happy!

Fantastic product, part of the Apple ecosystem, lightweight and portable.

Performance is great, with an awesome display.
The size is perfect for taking to work.

I love how it is small and light weight.
Make sure your phone and computer are compatible before you buy!

It's a Mac.
Daughter wanted the brand name Santa delivered.

Great MacBook features that you've come to expect in an ultra portable 11 size.
Fits anywhere, easy to travel with, and boots up in an instant.
This Air model has plenty of hard drive space for most, responds quickly, and has great battery life.

Needed a highly portable machine that could handle big presentations and spreaders sheets.
This does the trick.

Love apple products and the size of this is perfect for traveling and everyday use

this computer was actually way better than i thought...well worth the money

All three were Christmas gifts .
Everyone seemed excited about them.

great price, easy to shop and pick it out.
Helpful staff at the store

I would recommend this for anyone wanting a compact yet powerful computer that integrates well with other Apple products.

This is a great computer.
Apple products are the best!

I bought this MacBook Air for my 15 year old son, to replace the one he got 4 years ago.
I offered to get him any laptop he thought best for his purposes (school work mostly), and he wanted the newest version of the exact same 11inch MacBook Air - he loves it, and it's been perfect for his high school work!

Small size and light weight make it easily portable.
Charges fast.
Despite the small size the keyboard is easy and comfortable to use.
It is also quiet compared to other laptops.
I'm very happy with this purchase.

If you want a dinosaur this is the laptop for you!

Disappointed.
First thing I saw when I started the device was that battery reached life expectancy.
Seller wouldn't provide new one.
Couldn't keep off the charger.

the product is fine as expected.
the delivery was made on time.
perfect deal

I bought this to supplement my Apple products as my sewing machine company uses Windows based software only.
It was recommended by a tech orientated friend and has lived up to my expectations.
Set up was uncomplicated.

Recently purchased a Toshiba Satellite intel core i3.
Very displeased with the computer.
Freezes often, mouse has stopped working on multiple occasions.
Internet and computer programs VERY slow.
I purchased this computer for school..
I currently have the same computer but a model about 5 years older, and loved it.
At this point that computer works more efficiently and faster than the one I have had for less than 2 weeks.
I should add my old computer has close to 500 pictures, and close to 20 documents not including downloads.
I only transferred maybe 50 pictures and 8 documents to the new computer.
Both of which have the same memory size.
I will be contacting Toshiba directly on Monday and hopefully returning this device.

the keyboard on this computer is really bad .
keys to close and ultra sensitive .
Couldnt wait to give away to a friends daughter for collage .

Windows 10 wouldn't run Firefox Browser and Pandora radio with out freezing up and the plug for the Ear phone kept turning the volume down on me so I couldn't listen to music and surf the web but the speaker's were OK it's not supper fast but works OK for small stuff email etc.

I love this laptop!!
its great, works well for what i need (blogging, games, art) and has served me pretty well.
That is, until today.

This was very disappointing t me, as I am a huge fan of Toshiba products, but my laptop had some glitch that made me have to return it.
When plugged in to charge, if I put it to sleep, it would shut down completely.
When this would happen, the only way to re-start it required removing and replacing the battery.

I love my laptop, only bad thing battery runs low fast.
Good to send emails, search web.

Bought this laptop to play civ 5 and roller coaster tycoon... Total upgrade on visual for my civ 5... Just wish it had a faster hdd..
Guess I'll buy a ssd

Although the process of purchasing was a headache, I actually really like my Lenovo laptop.

Does not

I love this laptop, it's my first gaming laptop and for what I'm wanting to play it's fantastic.
It's fast and updates quickly.
The graphics card is basic but upgradeable, works great for Diablo 3 and Sims4.

Bought this for my college student kid and it's working perfectly for engineering classes and music composition.
Touch display is great and Windows10 is a nice upgrade from 8.
Would recommend to friends and other college students.

The laptop is a little big and heavy.
However, other is OK.

I purchased this laptop because it was supposed to be one of the best laptops for my degree program (BS in IT) but the batter would not hold a charge and would not take a charge after two days.
Returned it and bought a brand I know well ASUS.

Bought this laptop to use for both my personal technical work and entertainment.
It perfectly meets my needs.
The performance is excellent.

Laptop is very light weight and easy to use.
Getting used to new windows and touch screen

As a Computer Technician by trade I have to find the best products for my clients and Lenovo computers fit the bill for me.
The Edge is no exception.

I love this computer and Best computer for a new model and brand..

I use a Lenovo Edge at work and love the ease and the speed, so I wanted one for my personal use and I am so happy with the chose that I made.

Easy computer for my daughter going to college.
Touch screen is really nice.

My son wanted this computer as he heads to college.
He is enjoying using it for writing paper and looking up stuff on internet

1st...
I love Lenovo laptops, hence I knew I was going to buy another.
I love this one and any flaws are contributed to the operating system, Windows 8.

I was looking for a computer to play some older games with no outrageous operating requirements.
This one was pretty cheap and a good fit.

have been doing amateur photography for years, the pc up loaded really fast,,,no complaints

Great laptop overall!
I like the large screen and ability to flip.

Make sure your backlight is working on the keyboard.
Overall this computer is awesome!
I exchanged it for a model with a working back light and have not regretted it

To be honest, I was a bit hesitant about buying this product as I was very unfamiliar with the brand, but I've had my lap top for a few months and am 100% I made the right choice.
It works like a dream and it's huge, which I wanted because I like big screens.
Lenovo is at the top of my list!

I love everything we bought, all are very reliable

Just about everything with this computer is impressive.
It was a bit confusing at first to understand the navigation between touch screen and regular.
Once I grasped it navigation became easier and convenient.
Something that I missed when purchasing this item is that it has no cdrom drive!
I presumed for 900$ a lap top would accomodate that.
I was wrong.
A small let down, but a great device none the less.
Who needs cds anyways?

just bought it last week and im already using it.i can tell you this:it's a cheaper price with a higher end,it's more than worth already!

I've had the computer for a couple weeks and so far have no complaints.
The computer powers up quickly, runs smoothly, and so far no alarming issues.
A 2 in 1 computer with an i7 processor, 8gb of memory and a dedicated graphics card under 1000 is a steal.

The Lenovo Edge is an excellent system.
The only draw back is the battery life (approximately 8 hours) .
It is light weight and very thin so it is easy to transport.
The system boots up with very little delay.

Out of the box, this laptop will meet almost anyone's needs.
I use AutoCAD and travel frequently, with this computer fitting the bill.
I replaced the hard drive with a 1TB SSD and now it feels like a super-computer.

Got this computer wanting something that I could use for work and home stuff as well as some gaming on the side and it handles it all great!!
I have The Old Republic and Call of Duty advanced warfare and it runs both of them really well!
No complaints!

We are very happy with this smart tv.
We bought it specifically for the wall near our exercise equipment so we only use it when we are down there on the machines.
The picture quality is very good and it was easy to hook up.
The price was great and so far we are very happy with this purchase.

Starts up quickly, great battery life.
Loaded windows 10 without any trouble and added MS office with not issues.
Nice HD screen.
A++

UPS almost massacred the thing in shipping but that's not part of the review.

Love it, definitely recommend this product to everybody

Very good in appearance but the battery doesn't last that long it says 8 hours but in fact it's only 3 hours

I am on my second laptop and soon to be 3rd.
The battery don't last more then 1 hr and the one I just got is super slow.

The Lenovo laptop is lightweight, looks and works great!

So far, so good.
I purchased this for someone else and they have liked it.

Lots of horse power to spare and 3D accelerator for a great price.
Only complaint is lack of a hard drive light.

Very pleased with this computer...fast to boot, loads programs quickly, keyboard feels "right".
Overall, I'd highly recommend!

This computer was purchased to play games.
Great product

Awesome product.
It's quicker and easy to use..it doesn't get heated bottom of laptop.
It's little heavy..

Great computer for the value.
My hard drive died after 30 days, but that can happen to any computer.
Fast and great battery life.
Would be 5 stars if not for the HD issue.

I'm more of a desktop person so I never liked tiny screens and keyboards.
This has a nice big, clear screen and a full-size keyboard.
I love having my number pad back for doing serious spreadsheeting on the plane or in my hotel room.
Processing speed is comparable to a previous gen desktop.
Battery life is OK. Lots of power saving modes.

Overall a great buy for the price!
Hard to get dedicated graphics in a laptop.
My first one was defective and was replaced within the first week but the second has been great!

Great Laptop for the money we paid.
Has all the future we looked for.

Just got this computer.
Started to customize and screen went blank.
Brand new computer completely froze and is unusable!!!!!
How does that even happen to an expensive computer.
Huge inconvenience.

Great laptop.
The purchase was fast and the salesman was very professional.
I will return to the store for my next purchase

Solid basic docking station for home use.
Easy to install.

Crisp screen.
Fast processor able to handle most games.
Only problem so far has been a total freeze which required factory reset and had to reinstall everything

I got it for school and so far it has been great.
I would definitely recommend this product.

It's everything I need for my job.
I love the big screen.

I like the computer hardware.
=J Its a great laptop.

Great computer.
And a touch screen.
I would recommend this item.
Lenovo formerly IBM.

Great backlit keyboard with ten key pad.
Convertible 15.6 Touch-Screen Laptop screen is perfect for presentations and watching movies on a plain.

This laptop is great for all applications.
Speed is just enough to run several things at a time.

I bought this laptop for my wife to use at home.
It is easy to setup and use and has great memory and graphics capabilities.

I just recently got out of military and needed a better computer to begin college.
Employees were very helpful and helped me choose a great computer for my needs.

A good laptop but difficult to find a case (needed a 16.5inch case).
More of a desktop replaced than a portable laptop.
Backlit keyboard is a nice feature.

This product works perfectly so far,the only thing I have noticed was that when I buy it, it was windows 8 and since it was possible to change it to windows 10 for free, I did that; but after downloading windows 10, it's performance became a little bit slower, specially when I start it, and after starting then it becomes faster again, that was the only issue and other than that everything works perfectly and it fulfilled my expectations.

I was in the market for a lap top for school work and light gaming.
This computer worked out fantastically well.

Just what I was looking for nice screen and really fast

It is a great computer.
Fast with lots of memory and storage.

Brought this T U R D home and tried it out.
I could drag items, open apps, but any kind of button or anything on my desktop can not be accessed.
First noticed this when I opened the sports app and was unable to use the back button with the touch function.
It would light up like I touched it but do nothing.
Tried it in several different apps to no effect.
Apparently Lenovo and Windows do not work together.
Returning it tomorrow and getting something else THAT IS NOT LENOVO GARBAGE.

Excellent for viewing our multiple security cameras

Just what i was looking for to edit my Youtube videos

Very fast, lightweight computer.
With the added memory is working well for daughter as her college computer.

Very Nice Laptop.
It doesn't have a DVD Drive in it so I bought an External Drive for 40.00 and it works Great so far.

Very easy to use, LOVE the size.
I use it for school and personal use such as music, pictures and Netflix.
The only problem I've had with it is that sometimes it won't let me adjust the update setting to another time.
It will inform me about the new update and the time, it also gives the option to change the time for another date and time, but that check box will not let me click on it to adjust it.
Other then that it works great.
I'm happy with this buy.

Laptop is rugged, well built, light, and fast.
I expected to need to add an SSD but so far that hasn't proved necesary.
It exceeds my expectations and represents a superior value compared to each of my last 5 laptop purchases.

the laptop has a ver y good quality and performances even for playing through the web

Overall a good laptop.
Took a few times to learn the different screen workings but now is easy to use.

I really thought this might or might not do what I need, but it has worked out great.
It does more than what I expected and does great graphs, and is much faster than my old one.
Kids love it almost too much, They love it for games and reading.

I love the actual Computer, but when I bought it, I handed it over to get a SSD and updated to Window's 10.
I wasn't aware that Lenovo had not yet released several drivers that would be necessary for a smooth transition.
Since then, many things have gotten fixed, but it was rather off putting to buy a brand new computer, then run into that.
All better now!
Still in love!

super fast, great nvidia video player and so much storage.
I can spend hours in it without plugging it in.
I can use it with the stand and watch some movies on Netflix.
Super happy with it and it is also touch

I like touch screen and good graphics also perfect for school work.

The computer had many problems that are manufacturing flaws known to Lenovo: , screen blacks out, computer turns off unexpectedly.
Turns out these are manufacturing flaws that Lenovo new for a very long time and have not corrected.
They did not recall the computer and did not make it easy to find out about these problems.
They have been good about fixing it for free.
I have had to send it back 2 times now and there are still issues.
It's a disgrace to put such a flawed product out and inconceivable to me not to have a wide recall as well as extend the manufacturers warranty.

I am in my first year of college and like this computer so far.

Using to take notes in class and gaming after class.

things seem go well until now, sometimes be too noisy

The laptop is pretty good, the battery life is reasonable, and the touch screen is great.

Very happy with computer.
Efficient and nice touch

I have had a few errors with updating to windows 10, as when it updates the computer's usb ports disable and so does the touchscreen.

Really great computer!
Fast, no issues at all.
I don't hear the fan of the computer either.
its very nice

Battery only lasts about two hours.
Other than that it seems to be fine.
I bought it for a graphics program, let's hope it can keep up.

Needed this at the time.
Had a very difficult time finding it because the staff were inept.
Does the job.
Needs more RAM.

A little large but other than that no complaints....

The computer is taking a little getting use to, mostly the windows 10.
However, the computer is working great for my business as well as personal life.

Super fast, love the touch screen, flip able screen, 1 terabyte storage and great price!

This is my first laptop and I am very happy so far with the performance.

Great laptop.
Works well.
Definitely recommend it!

Computer has great memory and great RAM it is also easy to use

Already having tech problems and touch sensitivity is hard to adjust.

I like this laptop it is good and fast and I like the graphics card

exactly what we were looking for in a laptop with touch screen.

The Lenovo laptp is excellent.
The processing speed is almost instantaneous.
The quality of programs and batter life are excellent.

it is working good only slow.
if have to see if it is because of comcast

Everything on the laptop worked it just wasn't good.
I returned it.

My office purchases this brand and I love it because it's a work horse.
Mine has never broken or failed me during our busy season.
This is why I purchased a Lenovo.
Great price, great computer, and with everything I wanted.

I feel so high tech...love the touch screen feature...great laptop...I work in corporate and keno a is all they use

Lenovo did it right.
I use this computer for all of my work and personal needs.
I couldn't ask for a better laptop.

Good keyboard and touchscreen features but the touchpad is little too sensitive.

I like the laptop hate the windows 8 problems my laser printer is not compatible with Windows 8 was with 7.
So I have to spend more money.

Greta laptop.
Windows 10 on it makes it even better.
Hardly ever use the 2-1 capability but when i do, its a very smooth transition.

Very satisfied with use of this product.
It has many features that my older laptop did not.
I am using is it daily in school and for pleasure

Bought this for my son for college to replace an older laptop.
He says that it is great and does everything that he needs it to do.

I bought the previous version of the Lenovo after trying multiple competing PC's.
For serious/business computer usage, light but with all the necessary bells without the whistles you don't need.
Had trouble, used service plan and one year less a day had computer exchanged by Manufacturer; new model was still better than competing brands.

Great laptop.
I would recommend to all my friends to buy.

I was able to transfer home ops to it quickly, in particularly my Word Documents and my Outlook email files.

Only two things to get use to: the mouse pad is very sensitive and the screen resizes when not expected and the black shows fingerprints.

The laptop is very slim and lightweight.
The 128 gig storage drive is very compact and easily managed.
Also, the webroot program has really aided in the prevention of security to program threats.
My laptop continues to impress me.
My storage drive is still full of memory and web root is still on the security.
I am a happy customer.

I was in the market for a replacement for my older HP laptop.
Spent about 90 minutes messing with a wide variety of products.
This unit was, by far, the best all.
The touch screen is really nice and is super responsive.
The computer is super fast, the keyboard has a great feel to it and the unit has a super solid construction.
It is very light.
An excellent choice for anybody.

Bought this as a replacement for my ageing Lenovo think pad.
Have had it for a week now.
Very happy I bought it.
No complaints.
Works seamlessly with gaming.
the I -7 processor is probably an over kill.
The I -5 (which is the cheaper option) would probably work just as well.

Top of the line computer, touch screen, can also be used as a tablet.
Graeat graphics, too.

Although very different from our older HP, we are enjoying our new Lenovo laptop.
We learn something new every day.

Very easy to set up and use.
It connects to all my other electronic devices easily.
I have my tablet, phone, netbook and printer all wirelessly connected.
Makes it easy to share pictures and documents between all of them.

I play video games and the graphics on this laptop are perfect for it.

Negative results

I bought this for my daughter for college and it has ran great.

I've had two of these now and both have had major problems.
Its a great computer if you can find one that will actually work.
From the laptop lagging, keyboard not working, touchpad not working, it taking forever to start up, cutting off randomly, tablet mode not working, I'm just annoyed.

I wanted lap top with touch screen to download photos for easy editing!
Love it!

one of the best laptops out right now.
It's a perfect size and its features as a whole are amazing

The touch screen flickers on and off, it crashes randomly, not to mention the poor resolution it randomly turns into.
My worst enemy wouldn't even deserve this laptop.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!

So far, so good.
The only issue is it occasionally will not load a page and there are no issues with other devices in house.
I have to open a new tab and it reboots instantly though :)

One of the best notebooks I have owned.
It is fast, reliable, large screen, thin ... Definitely recommend.

I really love this laptop because not only does it have a lot of memory and run fast, but it is easy to use.
This was my first experience with a touchscreen laptop, but I like that you can use the touchscreen or a mouse.
It has Windows which runs smoothly and all the essentials I need in a computer.

Excellent computer for business.
Runs all programs quickly.

Couldn't be happier with my Lenovo laptop.
I would highly recommend it to anyone.
The price was right for all the features it has.

I like it better the more I use it.
Saves space and is faster than either of the machines it replaced.

Love all the hardware features of this laptop but Windows 8.1 is really really problematic.
Cant wait until windows 10 comes for free for 8.1 users and hopefully solves a lot of glitches.

Works great but got a virus relatively quick nice display

I didn't like the hard shiny plastic.
It left a lot of fingerprint smudges.
The GPU wasn't too bad, it ran LoL just fine.
8 GB of RAM was the main thing that made me return it.

The laptop is good, it is top of the line Intel I7 processor, does the job.

This was an upgrade from a windows 7 machine.
I like the touch screen features.
As far as I can tell the machine works great.
Windows 10 is a lot different and I am still feeling my way around and trying to get set up complete.
There are a few things that I cannot get set up like I would like which I think is windows 10 issues vs the computer.

The laptop specs are good for what you pay.
Runs games very smoothly as well

I was planning on getting a dell for school.
But the worker really helped me make a better choice.
I did go over budget but well worth it..

Would not connect to wifi, had to download new driver.
Then screen was freezing and shaking.
Took it back.
Dumb waste of time before Xmas.

This is a very good laptop and is very easy to use.

I needed a computer and the sales person got me the best computer for my needs.

Excellent buy for the money.
Exactly what I needed for my work.

If you want an average gaming laptop that does not look like a gaudy gaming laptop then consider this.
I just wish it had a full hinge.

I'm on my computer for business 8-14 hours per day.
This configuration allows me to have MS Outlook, Word, and Excel open without sacrificing speed.
I'm getting use to Windows 8, it's not as user friendly as I assumed it would be, so I'm looking forward to the Windows 10 upgrade.
I do like the lighted keyboard.

I like the sleek design and amount of USB available.

Purchased this machine after doing research and reading a lot of reviews.
Excellent machine for the price.
The only thing I'm not completely satisified with is the battery life.
It's not quite what Lenovo claims.
Other than that it's great for gaming, movies and other uses.

I realy like this laptop it's fast does what I want it to works well for everything I use it for.
Only problem I have with it I it lacks a disk drive

I just play my music and shop for my kicks so this is perfect for me it's fast and easy that's all I need and care about

Very easy to navigate and a great screen size!
Love it!

Real neat laptop.
Easy setup and looks real pretty

Great computer, haven't used a pc in 10 years I've been using macs but going back to school I needed a pic to run specific software and this has been a great product

Super easy to set up, updated to windows 10, works perfect.
I would recommend it

As an upgrade to my 5 year old Dell, this laptop has been great so far.
Speed is fast, nice keyboard, and I love the touch screen.
I did not think it would matter to me but now that I have it, it's great and would probably not go without one again.

This is a very good laptop color looks really good and it runs fast

I would recommend this laptop for a wide variety of users, as it meets the needs of fast Web browsing, moderate pc gaming, all with almost no learning curve.

I upgraded from a Toshiba purchased in 2006 with Windows XP LOL, so this new laptop is awesome all around!
:-D

I have been dealing with a computer that feels like it takes a year to load, I am happy to say that my Lenovo Edge 2 is the complete opposite.
I am enjoying my computer and will keep you posted as I continue to explore my Lenovo.

I like the feel of the keys and the spacing of the keyboard.
The touch screen is great for many things.
I still use a mouse for clicking on small details.
This computer has an adequate amount of USB ports.
I needed to download some software to do everything I wanted, including a program for downloading photos.
The Lenovo program for photos is great for viewing, but it doesn't recognize when photos are duplicated.

Don't buy this unit expecting a great experience on Windows 10.

A bit heavy to carry around but has great speed and works well for gaming.

This laptop is a fantastic value.
I was really impressed how well it performed.
Lenovo has improved their software and the "bloat ware"' was not an issue.

I've had this pc for while now and the only complaint I have is if I unplug the headphones it will mute my pc but overall I love this pc.

I needed a computer with Windows 8 and this one works great.

This laptop is not as fast as I had hoped.
Good for basic applications.

Looks great, its light and portable, feels nice in hands, back lit keyboard, and the touch display is excellent.
Performance is what you would expect from an i5, 8GB system.
However, that's about it.
Battery will last you only 2-3 hrs on balanced power or higher.
Anything lower will affect performance dramatically.
I don't particularly like the fact that the SSDs are partitioned to 125 each.
I rather have them combined and allow me to allocate those partitions myself.
Totally not worth the original price tag but I got an exceptional deal that it was hard to pass up.

My son loves it.
Getting ready for school it is fast.

This is the worst electronic I've ever owned.
Trackpad/mouse started sticking immediately, highlighting everything on page, and making any document or presentation creation extremely difficult.

With all the choices out there for a laptop, it was a very difficult decision to make.
This Toshiba laptop is fantastic.
Light, large screen, fast.
Recommend highly

My Toshiba laptops have lasted longer than any other ones that I have owned.

I bought this laptop for its great everyday use specs - Intel Core i3, 500GB hard drive, and 4GB upgradeable memory.

I'm still getting oriented to this computer, so I don't have a lot of experience yet, but so far it has performed flawlessly.
For me, having Windows 7 was the final selling point.
I don't like the newer platforms.
I did not give this computer 5 stars because it seems that the battery life is relatively short.
Would definitely recommend non-the-less.

So happy could still buy a laptop with WIN7 on it, made set up a breeze.
Laptop seems very quick, picture is good, sound could be better - but for the price this unit it seems like a winner.
It doesn't have a strong, sturdy feel like old laptops weighing in like they were made out of iron, that said it is very lightweight which will make it comfortable to tote around in my bag.
I did a lot of looking out there for a laptop running 7 and I though I would end up with something refurbished, so I'm very pleased with this purchase.
Its just what I was looking for.

This computer has 4GB of RAM and 500GB of hard disk capacity.
It also has those new Intel processors that feature "hyper-threading" technology.
Since Windows 7 is a system hog, a new laptop should at least have 6GB of RAM, but 4GB seems to be just fine for this machine.
I can switch quickly between programs, start programs quickly, and end them quickly, too.
A 500GB hard disk is just an astoundingly huge amount of storage space.
There is more than enough space for photos and movies.

This is my 2nd Toshiba.
The first one lasted 5 years and I just needed to have the fan replaced once and bought a new battery once.
This time around I had 3 requirements: Windows 7, a DVD/CD player built in, and a webcam and microphone built in.
I searched high and low and this Toshiba Satellite was the only thing I could find with my requirements.
I've had it about one month now an am extremely pleased with it.
The keyboard is a bit bigger as it has a numeric keypad, which I would not have ordered, but I'm adjusting to it.
I've heard so many negatives about Windows 8 and didn't want to wait for Windows 10...nor do I even know if I would like it when it is released.
This is the by far, the best choice for me and I'd buy it again.

The RAM is just enough for me to play my music.
The internal memory is plenty, although I my own external drive to store my music and files.

Found the product easy to use and set up with the software I need

This is a great computer for the price.
It is very easy to set up and use.
well worth the money.

This runs worse than the old one I bought it to replace .
I should have listened to the worst of the reviews instead of the best.

This was to replace an 8 year old Toshiba Satellite.
Love it!
This newer one is so much lighter and thinner.
It does everything I need it to do.
Totally satisfied.

was a good laptop.
i was glad I was able to get a windows 7

Got this to use to control cameras for astrophotography.
Programs work better on windows 7 so this worked perfect.

Bought a year ago and has been my main computer since.
Lasted through a terrible fall from my laptop backpack and 4 under-ways on a submarine before I had my first major problem.
The keyboard is connected by cloth to the base to allow for flexibility, but the connecting material for the charging contacts has finally broken off after having gone through a year of wear and tear.
My keyboard no longer is able to charge and the only solution is to purchase a new keyboard cover through HP.

This is a very capable little machine that I have used as a daily driver for about a month.
It can handle photo editing, audio editing, Excel, multiple Chrome tabs, etc.
Unfortunately, after only a month of use the upper and lower layers of the cloth cover on the keyboard started separating from each other.
So far HP is being challenging at best at standing behind their warranty.
Even if the keyboard is eventually replaced, I'm fairly confident that the replacement will split in the same manner.
The materials are just poor.
Too bad.
Otherwise this is a great machine.

I am sending this computer in for repair for the second time.
We ordered 2 of these for our business and they are horrible.
Mouse pad is horrible and the quality is ridiculous.
I have never had such problems with a laptop.

Looking for a computer with Windows 7 before 10 was available.
Great price for a good computer

It is perfect for the price.
Not the best but like it!

I purchased this computer for work, not for gaming.
We run a lot of programs that would often slow down my old "basic" computer.
I wanted something with lots of RAM and power to allow me to run these programs to run at the same time.
I have, so far, had not issues with the laptop.
The customize-able keyboard is nice and the screen is large and crisp.
The "lid" of the laptop feels a bit flimsy and worry about it breaking but have not had an issue yet.
The fans do get a bit loud at times but before you notice it they are winding down.

I searched for a 2in1 computer but none of them were good enough, so I decided that gaming can be much better on one of these computer and believe me this is computer great.
Great price too.

This is a really fun computer.
Great graphics, back-lit keyboard, and plenty fast to do anything I've tried on it so far.

Game playing OK but get hot fast not wroth 1300 hundreds!

This laptop runs all my games perfectly.
I only have one complaint which is the space bar.
When typing you have to hit the center or close to it but in game it doesn't matter where you hit it.

Great for graphics and processor heavy applications like Photoshop or Corel.
The only draw I've had besides a little creaking in the touchpad area, is the abysmal battery life.
Wouldn't be an issue if it didn't say on the site you could get 4 hours out of it.
Even after trying MSI's battery calibration software, I was only able to get 2 hours max out of it when running things like Chrome or Spotify.
About an hour on mre GPU taxing programs.

Works great.
I replaced HDD with SSD so everything works super fast and quiet.
Good performance.
No heating issues so far.

I had a massive Alienware tower that was loud and produced a lot of heat.
I wanted to switch to a decent laptop but didn't want to sacrifice specs for ease of use.
This laptop fit the ticket perfectly!
Decent price, great specs.
Fully recommend!

Nice screen and solid build quality overall.
Plays games very well.
Runs fast and quiet.
Stays cool enough.
Some warmth on the left side of the keyboard under load but not bad.
Custom keyboard is very nice looking but it has a bit of flex to the left.
This does not include a mouse as advertised.
More importantly the wireless card is NOT 2 x 2.
It is the Intel AC 3160 which is an inferior 1 x 1 model.
The card does not perform nearly as well as my old laptop on my Verizon network.
Best speed I get is 45 mbps when my old laptop gets over 70 mbps right next to it.
I am also having an issue with the right side of the space bar.
It does not give me a space unless I put some extra pressure on the right side and it is getting pretty annoying.
I am going to exchange it due to this issue.

I bought this computer after i had issues with three previous Asus laptops, and this one does not disappoint it is powerful enough to surpass my desktop that is about 2 years old.
This computer is amazing and most games i play i am a high to ultra setting geting an avg FFP of around 60 to -58 and a AVG FPS of about 45-50. which is amazing.
the only draw back on this product is the battery life it last for about 1:30 to 2 Hours in normal use and 45 to an hour while using the GPU.

Laptop boots up extremely fast and can handle any program or game with ease.
Great bargain price for a high-end laptop with lots of RAM.
Beautiful 17 in screen.

This computers great because of the processor and graphics card.

This laptop is great for your average gaming, the Intel core i7 and the gtx 965m will let you play most games to high-medium settings at 60 fps.
As the 8gb ram allows for multitasking and high performance in demanding software.
Overall, great product, runs smooth, no problems.

WOW.
This laptop is slimmer than the picture.
I love the design.
Its got an aluminium alloy body.
Its not big and bulky like other gaming notebooks I've seen.
The keyboard is solid and I love the multi color lights.

its beautiful it just looks great and runs well I haven't installed any of my games yet but I am excited to I have used minecraft on it and it runs awesome.

I dont know what about your experience with UBS3.0 and windows 8, 8.1 or 10 but nothing happens, its like USB3.0 flash drives dont exist, even if they are powered by the computer.
The combined jack for voice and sound only recognizes 3 actions: headset, headphones or speaker.
So, mi super microphone is useless on this Asus.
Since new, it has problems with the screen that shut down frequently.
With the Windows 10 upgrade, this expensive laptop got very slow process (like turning on, opening an explorer, any program) and is not able to run Age of Empires III correctly.
I decided to run the recovery to get it to its initials settings but it is no more able to restart Windows 8.
By the way, 3 months after the purchase, this computer broke down.
Asus only apply local guaranty (not 1 year but 9 months), so, guaranty doesnt apply for me because Im from Mexico.
This is the WORST computer I have bought EVER!

Perfect laptop for our family needs.
We are able to do tons of work and games.

If your looking for a FAST PC this lil guys is amazing..
I totally love it.. JUST GET IT!
!

I bought this laptop on Sunday afternoon.
I exchanged an Alienware 17 R3 that the screen was freezing on for this.
The salesman recommended it saying that Asus was a very stable brand and had great longevity because they manufacture the majority of their own components.
So I took this laptop home.
Less than one day later, and less than 8 hours of use total, it locked up and won't boot up.
It makes a clicking noise when you press the power button.
I will be returning this one tomorrow as soon as the store opens.
At $1300 I expect the computer to work.
This is one of the most expensive laptops I've ever purchased (the Alienware I exchanged it for being the most expensive) and so far this is the worst.
Stay away.

Great Gaming Laptop for those that want it.
Would recommend.

Great laptop for gaming fast.
Downfall laptop gets dirty if you care about appearance

Computer is very fast and has lots of memory.
Graphics look great, love the large screen.

Republic of gamers is one of the fastest computer I have played on and I"ve been gaming for over 10 years.
excellent outrageously happy I sent my money worth every penny.

Nice performance in games, fast response, comfortable screen resolution.
Too bad for the Windows 8, sometimes it gets in sleep mode and this is annoying.

So I had decided to quit playing on consoles and go back to gaming the way i used to.
Using a pc.
I spent a about a week going through diffrent websites reading reviews on all diffrent brands of gaming laptops.
My max price that i wanted to spend was $1400.
I was looking for something that that could handle any game i tossed at it on high settings and also something that would work well for my schooling as im going for a degree in graphics design.
After careful consideration I decided on the Asus g771jw.
It had the speed i wanted and the graphics card to handle anything i used on it.
I also liked that i could eventually upgrade the ram from 8gigs to 16 if the need ever arised.
I also found the realsense 3d camera to be an awesome soundng new piece of tec.
I received the laptop within 3 business days so i was impressed about that.
Right out of the box and the laptop screamed quality and craftsmanship.
I upgraded to windows 10 right away and soon as that was done i updated every driver on the machine.
So far ive played guild wars 2 with everything on the graphics menu set to the highest possible setting.
I must say i am extremely impressed and happy.
It hasnt had so much as a hiccup and with those settings it consistantly ran between 45-53 fps as smooth as butter.
The laptop also stays very cool considering the stress i was tossing at it to test it out.
So if your looking for something very very fast that can handle all the high demands of new games out there and dont want to have to spend thousands of dollars.
I assure you this rig will be more then enough to make you happy it def made me happy!

It's OK. A little slower than I would like but it gets the job done.

great first computer, easy set up, love the touch screen

If you're looking for a high end super PC then look elsewhere.
This PC is perfect for someone looking for a reliable touchscreen PC that can handle applications with ease.

No issues, all good so far.
I thought it would be a little smaller and my wife wasn't happy but she's getting used to the size now.

we gave this to our daughter as a gift.
She is still debating whether she should download windows 10.

Every thing as advertised.
Less than one hour for initial startup.
Windows 10 upgrade did take 4+ hours.
No problems with the upgrade.
Very pleased with product.

I have problems with wifi connection, its disconnects.

The screen and size of this laptop is excellent!

Bought for my Wife...and she loves it.

The laptop runs fine.
My only complaint is it's the worst touch pad I've ever used.
It constantly freezes and takes time to recover.
From what I've been able to find is it's a feature to help reduce the cursor from being moved while typing.
While it's a great idea it's poorly implemented.
It often freezes when not even using the keyboard and when typing it still moves the cursor.
I have not found a way to disable it.
Other than that it works great.
If Toshiba comes up with a fix for this issue I will change my review.
Until then I can't recommend it to someone because it's very unproductive waiting for a cursor to start moving again.

I returned this laptop after a week because it was so slow.

I got this just yesterday and it's the worst laptop I've ever used.
The plastic is cheap and scratchy, there are round circles poking out of the bottom, Google Chrome keeps crashing, the internet is slow as dirt.
Also, why is the mouse pad not centered?
I'm already so annoyed that I'm taking this piece of junk back tomorrow.

i was finally forced to give up my 10 year old Windows XP DeskBeast.
It was a good machine and I had maxed it out with performance enhancers but I could not get around the fact that Windows XP was dead and any new applications, games or programs would not work in that environment anymore.

Since the first day i started using this PC I have noticed that the Disk usage is often running at 100% with no apps in use.
Browsing in chrome is slower than my last Toshiba which was a cheaper model.
The free Kaspersky software that came with the purchase had a virus included.
After fixing that I uninstalled it.
What I have is a new slow laptop.

After reviewing different computer brands & stores, I decided on this one.
I have been an HP & Dell user for about 20 yrs., & was worried about the brand.
This computer is great, plenty of hard drive space & memory.
The only problem I can find is the keyboard is touchy & when your typing the curser will jump on the page.
I would highly recommend it to someone wanting a PC with the added bonus of a touchscreen.

Functioning well.
Optical drive a little noisy but ok with me.
Touch screen is very conveninent.
Manuel mentioned lead in chemical.
Take caution.

this replaces my Toshiba Satellite bought in 2006,and still running strong.Too bad it has just become obsolete

Physical keyboard freezes, runs slow when it does work.
Virtual keyboard is not very responsive.
Would not recommend to anyone.
Please spend a little more for a better product.
I am outside the timeframe to return and I have used this computer for a total of maybe 10 hours; have all the updates running as needed.
Still a piece of junk.

I bought this laptop for school/work/personal use and it had everything I wanted.
Memory and graphics were especially important to me.
I was hesitant about having a touch screen on a laptop, but it's actually been very useful.
It's bigger than I was expecting, but it fits in my old laptop's bag, so I can't complain.
I would definitely recommend this for other students.

My new Toshiba laptop has bit the dust, I took it to a local repair shop and the technician said the motherboard had gone bad, that visit cost me $25.
Being that it's less then a year old I called Toshiba to see about getting it repaired, I was helped by an individual that spoke very poor English, I spent a lot of time asking him to repeat what he said over and over.
He said it could be fixed if I paid $29.95 shipping to have it sent back to me and I would be getting a phone call and email from them with instructions on what to do, I'm still waiting to hear from Toshiba how to send this @!$* computer back to be fixed.
Don't waste your money on this laptop.

Works well.
Great for those on a budget.
Touch screen.
Upgrade to windows 10...

This is the 2nd Toshiba laptop we have purchased and both are performing very well.

This is the third Toshiba laptop we have purchased for some of our grandchildren that are going to college .
It was our granddaughters graduation gift.
So far the others that we bought are going great.

I did a lot a research and I'm in love with this laptop.
Love the touch screen feature.
So glad I picked this one

Toshiba is an excellent laptop, this is the second Toshiba I have owned and I will stick to this brand.

This Chromebook is a solid improvement over the c720.
The processor is the fastest in any Chromebook to date.
It's sturdy while still being light - on my wrists and my wallet.
I purchased it with the express purpose of replacing ChromeOS with my favorite Linux distribution (Bodhi Linux: see more at http://bodhilinux.com).
I also replaced the 16Gb SSD card with a 128Gb SSD, and now I have a Chromebook that does more than just cloud computing.
It's better than any PC with comparable hardware for less than half the price.
I did have to do a bit of research, but it has been totally worth the time.
There are great support communities with tutorials and instructions if you're willing to seek them out.

The hard drive is very small so you can't store a lot on it.
That is OK if you use it as an internet only tool.

Very fast!
I replaced the 16gb drive with a 128gb.
Even faster after the bigger SSD swap.
This is my daily driver for all things internet related.
Apps available for most everything I need.

Touch pad was awkward, requiring considerable effort to use.
No adjustment would correct.
Problem was that I could not test in store before purchase as local BB store did not carry item.
decided on a different brand after I returned this item.

I bought this chrome book for my nine year old.
This is great for her to do her school work and the likes.
Big features small price.

Needed this for our daughter who works with Google apps for school.
Does everything we need it to do.
Great for working with Google apps.
It was a little tricky getting it hooked up to a printer but we're all set now.

Its a Chromebook not a computer, but that's not a bad thing.
It certainly comes on quickly, loads quickly, gets me online quickly, and handles most daily online needs (THAT'S going to spoil me).
Surfs well, going from site to site with out any trouble.
There are occasionally functions that a website may have that require an actual computer... but they aren't anything that you can't work around.
The touch pad does take a bit of getting used to...and I am not a fan of it....but it works adequately.
This machine is not for gaming in anyway...but even for simple low end games that don't require mega memory capability like crosswords and such its passable.

Great computer for someone learning to use a computer.
Easy to use and a great price.

I bought this for my wife after she had been using another brand at work.
She is really liking the features available to her now, not available before.

I purchased this after a school tech recommendation and reading reviews.
This is a sturdy and fast Chromebook that does all that I want for an extremely reasonable cost.
I formerly used an iPad and I am not missing it at all.
My students in school also use Lenovo and they have stood the test of time, while performing reliably.

I bought this for my daughter for Christmas.
It has everything she was looking for and added features that I was looking for.
The added features, durability is a plus when handing a young teen an electronic!

I al happy wiith muy new chromebook, it helps me to do easier my work.
It has a good size and it is not heavy.

I was a little hesitant to use the chrome operating system but windows is so cumbersome that's it's not an option for me on a laptop anymore.
Chrome OS does have some limitations but if that becomes a problem I can always install a more complete version of linux, so far though I've been able to do everything I need on chrome and the speed and simplicity of it is beautiful.
With 100 gigs of cloud storage for 2 years free, as long as you have a fast Internet connection, it's a great option for a laptop.
And for the price it's amazing!

My boys have enjoyed using the two Chromebooks that we purchased them.
The school recently is leasing these books and has had to purchase more due to the high demand.

Kids love it.
Meets all their needs and more.
Good Buy!

I bought this for my son who was not happy with how slow and glitchy it seemed.
His school has Chromebooks for the students (that stay at school) which is quicker and much more powerful.
I'm sure those are cost prohibitive for me personally.
Unfortunately, we returned this one.

Average machine-not speedy.
It depends on what you want it for.

Great for taking notes in class.
Felt limited on apps.
Light and portable.
Long lasting battery.

