I went from a s4 to the s6 and I LOVE that this can charge wirelessly.

Not a Palm Pre but great phone.
Do miss the removable memory though

best design to date for galaxy and sexy color gold

I was blown away by all of the upgrades that they have done on this phone.
I switched from my S4.
I definitely love this phone!

I love this phone.
It is responsive and works amazingly well.
Phone comes with capabilities for s pay which is a neat feature

The best phone on the market.
Samsung really cleaned up the phone.

I am suprised by the technology on this phone.
I went from a galaxy S3 and what a difference.
I love it.

Just picked up my new phone.
So far i really like the phone exotic that my Gmail email won't sync with the server appropriately.

This phone is awesome.
Battery last all day and wireless charging is nice

Best cell phone i have owned.
Have an apple for work, the.samsung blows it away.

This is my 3rd Samsung Galaxy phone, 2,4,and 6.
They have all been great phones!
The s6 is easy to use, the sound is much better than the s4, super fast phone.
I have no complaints.

I upgraded from S4 to S6.
Only complaint is the built-in calendar.
Preferred S4 version.Otherwise a perfect phone.

excellent great phone happy i bought it from best buy

new phone for my daughter, nice update with features that her old phone did not have

Best phone Samsung has made.
Apple stands no chance.

I upgraded to this phone and am only leasing it, but I do love it so far.
The first difference I noticed is the camera quality and speediness of it.

Cannot stay connected to cellular lines or WiFi.

great battery life, charges fast.
sound is great, great apps.

Super fast, everything I wanted my old s5 to be.
Very happy.

Switched from an iPhone and to the galaxy s6.
The galaxy s6 does so much more.

It's just a Sumsung....they always do better than Apple

I haven't had my phone long but I can already tell that it is much faster.

Very smooth and efficiency cell phone to have ...also look very stylish in a way !!
!Love it !
!

Phone works great does everything i need it to do.
Camera is awesome only complain is the battery life and lack of a micro sd slot

I've had the S4 up until now....I had some disappointments with the S4, but the s6 so far seems to better already.
I purchased the 64 Gig to make sure that I have plenty of room for storage as well.

The phone is great works well.
My bill was $10 more than I was quoted in the store.
Not really happy with that.

The ease of use slim and easy to navigate the camera is outstanding

I would highly recommend this phone.
I haven't had any problems with it thus far.
The camera on it is excellent.

love new features.
NEED BETTER INSTRUCTION MANUAL!
!

My third Galaxy phone and by far the best phone yet.
Samsung and the team at Best Buy have hit another grand slam.
That's why I remain a loyal customers to both.

Very fast, easy to use.
Only down fall is no micro sd slot.

Best phone ever made to date.
Easy to use very light weight nice big clear crisp screen

Was worried about the lack of expandable memory but so for it is doing good and not taking too much up.

I love my new Samsung S6.
It stays similar to the s4 I had before, but it is just easier.
I am getting used to the fact that there is no memory card, but other than that its awesome!

Love the phone.
Definitely a faster processor than my S4.
Great camera

Have had it for a week now and its great.
Had the sg4 before this and it has taken a little getting use to the different buttons and what not.
It is way faster as to be expected and the camera is great.

My wifes first new phone in 6 years.
She was nervous about learning how to use phone but very ez.

This phone was everything I was expecting and more.
I absolutely love this phone and recommend it to all my friends.

I have always liked Samsung phones just never enough to keep one until now.
All I have to say is this phone is a WINNER!!!!
!

User friendly.
Love this phone.
Sleek and the case selection was great also.

Wonderful promotion on a great phone with easy to learn features.
Amazing camera and decent battery life.

I am very pleased with the Samsung 6.
It has excellent features and very good sound quality.
My only quibble - there should be at least a basic manual with the phone.

I really love the phone, especially its speed, ease of use, and its camera quality.
It has everything I need!

I would not recommend Best Buy insurance.
It cost me $200.oo for my claim and I was sent a refurbished phone.
I only had the new phone for one month.

Love it.
Works great.
The selfie camara is a great perk.

I'm big fan of Samsung products eventhough I'm using other Apple products like mac book, imac

The new galaxy is a great phone.
The new design brings a fresh look to the galaxy series.
Although i will miss some of the s5 functions i am pleased with my purchase.

I have owned every Galaxy Samsung has released.
I have been partial to the S3 until I got the S6 in my hands...I'm not looking back!

I love my phone.
The service at Best Buy was awesome.

I enjoy my new phone, went from a s3 to an s6 and this is a great phone.

I'm satisfied with my Samsung Galaxy s7 Edge

I absolutely love my S7 Edge.
The phone and it's functionality are perfect.
The camera is far superior to any phone I've had.
The quality is right up there with a digital SLR.
Took a group photo in a dark bar and it did not require a flash at all.
People were confused why there was no flash :) but the picture looked great.
Very happy Samsung added the micro SD card slot again.
I would get this over any phone out there.

The upgrades, to the camera in particular, are great.
Still working out the rest of the features, but am extremely satisfied with my S7 Edge !
!

Overall this is an AMAZING phone, with one huge caveat.
I like to put a decent amount of apps on my phone and the lack of a 64gb or 128gb option is the reason I returned it.
Yes you can add an SD card, but with adaptive storage disabled you can't install all apps to external SD.

I bought this phone for my son.
He had an IPhone 5 and wasn't sure if he wanted this phone.
After using it for a couple of days he said he wouldn't go back to an iPhone.
He loves it.

Have had my new phone over a month, and have yet to find anything bad to say.
The battery lasts all day, even on my long workdays.The camera takes great pics and the new themes are great.
Now, I'm trying out Scarlet.
Samsung's new assistant.

Had the phone for a week.
Never dropped.
One day noticed the glass covering the camera is shattered.
I also had a otterbox case on this device.
Did some research other people have had similar problems.
Very thin glass is used over the camera.
A little finger pressure could crack it.
Samsung won't fix it.
They want $70 for the repair.
Part cost 6.99.
It's a nice phone but don't think $900 for the phone gets you away from cheap parts and bad designs.... thanks samsung!

It's really hard for me to say this, but Samsung has absolutely met, if not passed, Apple on this phone.
The VR alone is astonishing, and many will complain that it's 'not real VR unless it's real Oculus'...and maybe they are right, but for such an inexpensive entry fee (I was part of the free VR, 64gb memory & games promo), it was impossible to pass up.
The Edge features are good, although a little redundant at times.
The camera is great, and Samsung has really backed-down on touch wiz.
I also really like knowing it's spill proof and for the most part water proof.
I plan on taking this out on the kayak this summer and using the Google Cardboard Camera app to take photos out on the water.
Overall, it's an amazing piece of hardware that drew me (and has now balanced my enjoyment) from iOS to Android.

picture quality is excellent .all features are good

Went from an S4 to an S7 Edge.
Skipped the S5 and S6 for a variety of reasons and I'm glad I waited.
Easy enough to handle one handed although I do occasionally activate the edge menus accidentally.
Display is as good as any I've seen.
Apps come up quick, sound quality on the phone is good and battery life is above average.
I can go almost 2 full days between charges if I don't burden the phone unnecessarily with leaving on Wi-Fi, location and bluetooth when I don't need them.
Even with them running I get get a full day.
Biggest drain is GPS.
All in all I would definitely recommend this.
FYI - I also carry an Apple 6S for work.
Still a big fan of Android over Apple and this phone just adds to my preference.

I have been using an iPhone for 7 years, and decided out of the air to get a Samsung Galaxy s7 Edge.
I have never used a samsung or Android phone before and I will never got back to Apple.
For the first time in several years I feel like I have a new phone.
It is easy and fun to use.

This phone is great!
The battery life is a step up from the 6 the camera looks great and the screen resolution is besutiful!

This phone has most of the features my ideal phone should have.
The only thing missing is a replaceable battery.
The screen is very easy to read without glasses (easier than my tablet!)
.
I like Samsung Pay.
It's much easier to use than I expected and I know instantly that the charge has gone through.
I would buy this phone again.

The s7Edge got great reviews but mine had the screen digitizer fail within two weeks of purchase.
The Best Buy store refused to exchange it and said my only option was to send it to Samsung for repair which would take weeks.
They do not give loaners.
If I would have purchased the expensive Geek Squad service contract they would have replaced it.
BEWARE!
Unless you pay for services that hardly anyone even uses then you run the risk of the store not following published replacement policies.
My cell phone carrier agreed to replace the phone and I got one in one day.
One day, and they did not even sell it to me.
Moral of this story is buy cell phones from carriers and not from big box outlets.

Phone is great for texting, pictures, screen clarity but for regular old fashioned phone calls that some people still need to make it is seriously lacking.
Signal fades in and out so parts of conversations get missed and have almost given up on using for important calls for this reason.
Battery life is improved over previous versions but with the cost I would have expected a much higher quality of calling.

Great camera, long lasting battery, fast charging, phone is very fast, and durable

Large screen and does things faster.
I paid full price to avoid a contract & think samsung is over priced.
I had previous a samsung & liked it so is why bought another one.
The wireless charging is important to me & was built in.Last phone added it.

I was unhappy with the Galaxy s5 as it had limited memory and was not performing well.
I thought the s7 sounded like a better choice so I pre-ordered it and received it earlier than expected.
It is a far superior phone and I am very pleased with it.
The battery life is astounding and I have never run out during the day.
The brightness and clarity of the graphics is excellent also.
I also received the VR Gear and added memory card so it really was a bargain.

I upgraded from my S5 and I have to say I Love this phone.
The clarity of the screen is great and the battery life is far better than my S5 was.
It is very fast and the sound on the phone is good too.
I opted for the wireless charger and glad I did.
It works with the cover on my phone and charges very quickly.
Well worth the upgrade.

I switched from iPhone to this phone.
It took me a bit to learn a new OS, and I'm still figuring things out after a month.
Some features I miss on the iPhone, but overall, I've enjoyed my decision.

Have had this phone since 3/12 and I love it so far.
Gorgeous screen, snappy and fast (can be slightly faster if you absolutely hate TouchWiz by simply downloading "Google Now Launcher" or "Nova Launcher" from the app store.
I like the look and feel of TouchWiz this time around, so I'll keep it until I have problems with it).
The Gear VR support is more entertaining than I would've guessed, but I'm glad that was free.
Haven't used the camera much to comment on it, but what I have taken turned out well.
Always remember it's a cellphone camera anyways.
You want take pro-level photos with any phone at this point.
Verizon added some bloatware you can disable, but other than that the phone is virtually flawless.
Get it.
It looks amazing turned on or off.

The phone would randomly and repeatedly generate notifications that an sd card was installed.
It was easy to swipe away the notification, but I had to do it over and over.
An $800 phone shouldn't have any irritating glitches in my opinion.

I started with the s4 s5 s6 and now the s7edge for most the best phone.
I'm just waiting for the glass screen protector to seal the deal.

It does the most for the money.
it looks expensive, has great battery life, awesome specs, super cool, easy to use, storage capabilities, water and dust resistant.
Almost like a note phone, but smaller.
I love how it works!

Best Samsung Galaxy phone I have had so far.
I have used the S3, S4, S5 , note4, note5.
camera has great high resolution pics.
best use is to magnify small print that no human can possibly read.
like serial numbers and part numbers and anything you want to zoom in on.
plenty of storage and you can add storage unlike the S6.
voice commands work much better with this version as well.

I was simply compelled to get an upgrade to this phone, even though I had my S6 for less than a year.
I think Samsung really hit it out of the park with this beautifully crafted work of art!
I've spent quite some time looking for flaws in it, but still couldn't find any.
Its design, screen, camera, battery life are all phenomenal!
I feel that every tech lover should get one of these to really appreciate it.
I'd highly recommend this phone to everyone, including my own friends and families.
Two thumbs way up!!
!

I have been an IPhone user,supporter for years.
I had been seeing tv commercial on the Samsung Galaxy S7 edge, the screen spanding edge to edge and it being waterproof spured my curiosity..
I had been contemplating going to Best Buy for a look, but i began to worrie I would have a difficult time operating an Android, seeing that I had only used an iPhone for years..It was Love at first sight, an awesome looking phone, very easy to maneuver I was able to find my way around it in no time,

We have always had Samsung from TV's to cell phones and this Samsung S7 edge is wonderful except... After about 1 month it has a bad cell on the top edge and its a dark spot about a quarter of a inch long.
Samsung says I would need to send it to them and it would take 2>3 weeks to repair and Best Buy said they couldn't help us at all and Verizon just wanted to sell us another line while they get my new phone repaired.
Everyone after looking at it said it was clearly a defective cell so yea...Samsung ....you'very let me down this time because I need my phone and you won't trade this defective one out.
Not fair ...The stores say it will only get worst and grow larger in time...wow...over $700 for a new phone and no trade in for another one that does not have a bad cell?
Wow...if I bought a pair of shoes at a store I would be treated better.
Watch out for the Samsung S7 edge people I would hate for you to be as frustrated and disappointed as I am.
Nobody wants to help me out.
It ain't right!
And no it was not dropped everyone agreed on that.

Purchased the galaxy s7 edge by Samsung, as a wifi unit only.
Did not need another phone, but wanted to pair it with the Samsung gear VR unit.
It was a good deal with free giveaway items : 64 Evo microSDXC us 1 card ; 5 free games and VR unit itself.
Use the S7 edge as remote control unit for my fire tv programing and other smart items.
It is an attractive, sleek streamlined phone .
Light and very slim with ample battery life.
It maintains a digital read out of date , time and power charge percentage .
Would recommend this phone to anyone in need of a good one.

It is a better phone then expect.
I have been vary happy

I love my new phone.
Had the note 7.
We all knew what happened

For the last several years I have been an iPhone user and have been completely satisfied.
Prior to that I had problems with Samsung and other android products being great internet and video devices but horrible phones.
I have the iPhone 6 Plus and needed a separate phone for work.
I went in thinking I would just get another iPhone.
I had seen the commercials for the Galaxy S7 and decided to take a chance on it since reviews were good on it and it was different than what I had.
I choose the S7 edge and have to say that it is nothing but amazing.
Great battery life, amazing camera puts the iPhone to shame, easy to use great options.
I like the ability to use to apps split screen.
The phone works great syncs quickly to my truck and the sound quality is amazing.
If you are thinking about this phone get it you won't be disappointed.
This phone has changed my mind about the quality and quality control of Samsung.

I liked my Samsung Galaxy Note 7 better.
To bad they cannot replace them with good working ones

Always loved the galaxy series and this one doesnt dissappoint.
The curved screen is a great feature and this phone has good battery life.

Samsung out did themselves in the creation of this beast

This a great phone I have already put it in the water 7 or more times an is still working like I got it.

Bought for my son he had the iPhone he is glad he made the change..

This is a great phone.
The edge features are a nice addition.
Great Battery life!

excellent phone, fast charging, long battery life, large screen, camera is just the best ive seen

Upgraded from the S5, faster bigger better.
Camera takes great pictures, fast wireless charging.
Back to the micro USB, where the S5 was USB 3.0.

If you buy this phone, DO NOT leave the store without a very good case.
I accidentally dropped mine getting into my car half an hour after getting it and it now has cracked glass all over the upper right side of the back.
Not likely repairable, as this phone is glued together and water resistant.

I know that iPhones are all the rage, but this is my second Samsung Galaxy, and I love it.
It has a large, clear screen, but it's not so large that you feel as if you're holding a tablet to your head.
If you are used to iOS, this will take a little getting used to, but it's not that much different nowadays.
The Galaxy Edge has a nice feature: a little "window" you can slide open from the side (or edge) of the screen.
This can be customized with any apps, contacts, or widgets that you want to have quick access to.
I haven't had much chance to use the camera yet, but unlike my previous Galaxy S4, the flash and shutter are in sync!
Overall, it is a very nice phone.

I had a Samsung Galaxy 4 and was having issues.
I took it to Best Buy, and they told me it would continue to have issues and when I said I was thinking of getting a Samsung Galaxy 6, the man told me the 7 was coming out and they were taking orders.
I ordered it, got it and love it!!
!

I recently had to surrender my Note 7 because of the recall, and I was sure that nothing could compare to the most awesome phone I have ever had.
Going from the S5 to the Note 7 was like winning the lotto.
Then tragedy struck...
When the recall happened, I was heartbroken.
I am happy to say that the S7 Edge is just as good as the Note, minus a couple of small details.
All things considered, I really don't notice the missing S pen or the associated software.
I never used the iris scanner, so all in all, I really lost nothing.
Wish I had bought the S7 Edge to begin with.
Excellent phone, excellent camera and most of all, perfect Best Buy customer service!

Best Samsung phone yet.
Wish the battery was replacenable, or longer lasting than what they say.
Still love it.

I was trying to decide between a Note 5, Galaxy 7, and the Galaxy 7 Edge.
I ended up choosing the edge because it accepts memory cards, the processor was better, & the display is phenomenal.
It's worked flawlessly so far.

And what a welcome!
I made the jump after previewing this phone in the store and being amazed.
The screen is very clear and bright, the camera is amazing in the the dark and in bright light, the ability to use it with the VR gear, the battery life, the watery resistance, etc, etc.
I can't believe I stuck to iOS for so long.
Android was second nature and easy to use.
I don't think I'll ever go back.
If you are an iOS user this is the phone that will bring you to the light side.

All I've had has been iPhones, but honestly I got tired of apple.
They hyped their phones too much and when you got the newest model, it was like nothing had changed, just tiny things on it.
I got bored and decided to go for a Galaxy.
I did research and I'm happy with this phone!
It is beautiful, and quick!
I don't think I'm ever going back to apple again.

As with all of the new generations of phones.
This new Samsung phone computer is great.
Every day I find out some new cool option that I wasn't aware of.
Thankfully it has a larger battery than its predecessor as it does eat some juice.
Having several charging options is a good idea.
Works great though, glad to have bought it.

I have had the S4 and have been waiting for a phone that had these features.
Love this phone!
The only thing that it is still lacking is the removable battery.
I can live with that since it's water and dust resistant.

I LOVE this phone!!!
The wide angle camera on it is amazing!
I wish they would have kept the volume control on the back of the phone with the power button, but it still is fine.
I was concerned before I bought it of the battery and how it is removed from the bottom.
So far, no issues.
It is not a problem at all.

Love the phone!!
Battery life is crummy, but that's why you get an extra one.

I don't understand how we got so lucky to have gotten the one that dies in a couple of days, but Best Buy took care of it.

Good phone great camera features and lots of options

I bought this as a gift for my husband yes a huge lg fan.
He is pretty satisfied minus the user interface all the apps are on the home screen like Apple products.
And the phone gets extremely hot at times.

I found it is very easy to operate.
I have owned another LG mobile phone many years ago (an android of the Blackberry model) and just loved it.
I am discovering a lot of things as I use it day to day.
I am very pleased with my choice.

This phone has everything 100% satisfied and the camera is the best

I have had the G3 & G4 but I like the G5 best.
I love the front camera b/c it has front flash.

I love my lg g5 ,coming soon are the lg friends, will be interesting

Purchased this phone it's a very good phone the only problem was it kept losing charge but maybe I just got a bad phone.
I still would recommend it cause it has good specs on it.

The design and specs are what you would expect with a flagship phone but the duo camera in the back is a win!

Upgrading from my old LG-G2 to the new LG-G5 was like switching from driving an Escort to a Ferrari.
Fast .....

Cameras are awesome, especially the wide lense and easy to flip back and forth

Great storage for photo takers.
I would highly recommend this.

Loves the camera and removable battery.
So far it has been a good phone.

I'm definitely liking this phone.
Every smart phone I've had was a Samsung so this is a great change, and I love the color!

The G5 is great!
So glad I waited to upgrade my LG g3!
The battery is great last all day and they gave me a second better.
I have only had to use the second battery a couple of times with heave use and it is so easy to change the batter.The wide angle camera is so nice.Phone takes great pictures front and rear facing.

I love Samsung, but this is a great phone as well.

I like the simplicity of the phone yet it can handle all I've tasked it to do.

This is a great phone and easy to use.
I love the expandable storage option and the durability.
I would certainly recommend this phone to others.

This phone is awesome.
I usually buy Samsung but strayed this time and I am glad I did.
The best part for me is the changeable battery, its so easy and convenient.

According to 12 year old owner: its big.
It has good sound.
It has good photo features.
It chargest fast.
Like that the off button is on the back instead of the side.
4 out of 5 because with head phones its not as loud.

I am amazed at how much storage it can hold I love it!

very easy to navigate, nice size screen, takes nice photos

It's a great modular phone but has issues with Bluetooth.
It keeps logging out of paired devices in my car.
I just lost Bluetooth connection for no obvious reason.

Good phone.
All the latest features.
Long batterie life and really quick charge with new c charger.

I bought this phone for my son.
It stopped working just shy of having it one month.
I was given the run arounds and was not given a new phone because it was past the 14 days.
Now it has to be sent back to LG for repair.

I've had this phone for a little over a month and everything is running great!
It's faster, more up to date, better overall!
No issues!
Volume is much louder than the previous ones.
No complaints!

You want a phone that does it all, but not the same one that everyone is driving?
How about a phone that doesn't make any excuses, like poor battery life, low light picture quality, blah-blah-blah.
And wait, how about specs and gadgets the other bricks haven't even thought of!
My LG G5!
You'll need to strap in and hold on tight.

Moved from the LG G2 to the G5- read tons of reviews before switching- AMAZING upgrade!
Love the G5's camera and battery power.
Excellent price from best buy that Sprint can't ever match.
This is the second phone I've bought from BB, excellent prices with even better service.

Everything about this phone has turned out to be fantastic.
I have had HTC phones for 5+ years and was very nervous about switching but I have zero regrets with the LG G5

Bought for Mom.
Easy to use for older people, but feature-rich for the tech-savvy.
Seems to be much better than the G3.
Sleek profile, great performance so far.
Call quality is satisfactory.

Love this phone, had this guy for over 2 weeks and have no complaints.

So far everything is great wirh the phone, customer service was great also.

I'm new with smart phones, so far fairly easy to use, slightly large for my hand, I have fat fingers so I need a stylus.
Pictures are great!
Good sound on radio.
My son loves his.

Works great.
No problems as of yet.
Does everything I need.
Very happy wih it.

Great phone!
I upgraded from the LG G3 and man was it an upgrade.
The dual forward and rear cameras are excellent.
The only drawback is the interconnectivity between my car bluetooth and the phone.
Many times the phone will be connected but to the car bluetooth but will not play what is on my phone.

Picked up the LG-G5s to upgrade our LG-G2s after 4 years.
So far we they have out performed my expectations.
I have always had good experiences with LG products.
BestBuy Sales People made the transfer smooth.
All our contacts and pictures were swapped for us in the store.
Thanks to the BestBuy staff.

Great camera, fast and easy to use.
Best phone that I have had

Smooth interface

Great Phone!
I previously owned the LGG3.
The only issue ive had with this LGG5 is that sometimes it will reboot on its own.

Very functional.
Not used to having to have a different charger but i am glad that it comes with an adaptor for the microusb

Good phone, easy to use, great camera.
Lots of memory and overall great phone.

I bought this phone and had a ton of issues with it within a few hours, by the 6th hour of ownership it went out completely.
I went back to best buy they troubleshooted it and ended up swapping it for another one.
No issues whatsoever now and am loving it!

Still figuring out all the features of the phone but I am very happy with this device!
Very easy to use, love the cameras on the phone!
Also very pleased with the fast charging.

High quality and good battery life.
LG is really stepping up their cell phones.

Fast!
Elegant phone that is fast and the camera is great... LG has done it again.
I had HTC which i loved but no regrets on rhe switch

I am a LG loyalist though the usb cable is a c. It is all touch and easy to navigate.

This is one great phone.
Compared to the Samsung s7 I had for ten days it is so far superior.
The Samsung used up battery power and got very hot.
I was able to get it back on a Best Buy 14 day deal and got the LG G5 and could not be happier.
Besides the features the battery life is fantastic.

This phone is efficient with a fast processing speed and adequate front camera with amazing rear camera.
I've actually been able to get some good pictures of the moon with it.

Fast easy and convenient.

My last 3 phones were HTC, this is the best one yet, not to big or small easy to get use to.packed with all the tech you need.

The HTC 10 is extremely fast slim fit and it's smarter.
I love this phone.

Have always loved the HTC series and this phone does not disappoint!

Build 5,Software 5, Sound 5, Display 5, camera 4, battery 4.5

I like this phone.
The only problem I have with the HTC 10 is there is no FM radio as in the previous models.
I do not like to carry several devices with me.
I wanted a phone that does it all.
Other than that the phone is very reliable, it charges fast, and it downloads pretty fast too over the network.

I upgraded my HTC One M8 with this beauty and HTC did a great job on this one, love it and for the price for me couldn't find a better deal.
HTC keep the good work

This phone is fantastic - it's fast and responsive - htc has done a great job of keeping the bloatware to a minimum - very easy to use - very close to pure android - they finally fixed the camera

The HTC-10 is very easy to navigate, makes using a pleasure and I would recommend this above all other phones !

Phone is good.
Camera is better than the HTC 9 that I previously owned

So far the phone has worked well.
It's well built, is fast, has minimal bloatware and takes decent pictures.
Fingerprint scanner is fast.
Only wish it was water resistant.

Another great product from HTC.
It is a shame that Galaxy users don't try out this phone, because it has far better functionality compared side by side.

Ive had this phone for 2-3 months now and I have nothing but good things to say.
Between the 2k Screen, the boomsound, the upgraded headphone jack, the camera and etc.
This phone is the perfect dream phone anyone could want.
Its definitely a must buy.

It is useful and good for what i wanted it.
Recommended

Great phone in looks and function.
It is fast and sleek.

I love this phone!!!
The battery life is outstanding.
The camera takes gorgeous photos.
Just an over all great phone

No complaints.
This phone is legit and Beats the iPhone for sure

Great phone.
Battery lasts much linger than the s6edge it replaced.
Good luck seeing the screen with polarized glasses on (frustrating).

Great phone, definitely an improvement over the M9.

Good screen display, good battery life, fast response.
My 4th HTC phone and by far the best.

I waited til it was on sale and got it for $50.
I love the HTC series.
Buy if you can!

Not so easy as it seems, you have to fix camera options all the time

Excellent phone across the board.
Excellent battery life and turbo charger.

I was very hesitant to switch from a note to a Motorola, but after a few months with this phone I am very happy with my decision.
Phone is solid all round and love the fact that it doesn't have a lot of added software.

Really great phone with a ton of customization.
Pretty close to full Android.

This phone is great the Moto mods are awesome definitely recommended!

Can't think of anything I don't like about the phone.
Size is great.
Screen is awesome.
Camera takes amazing photos and videos.

The features of this phone are very cool.
Love the modular ability and smiled display.

I had to exchange my Galaxy Note 7 and was excited to see this phone and how it compared.
Yes there are slight differences, but overall this is a great phone that does all that I want.

this is hands down the best phone ive owned.
it is fast, has great features, lightweight, large screen and great camera.
i love the moto-mods as well!

It a high in device, with top notch.comparable with 2016 flagship.the kicker is the awesome mods!!
!

The fingerprint screen lock is much metter than my old Droid.
The screen has excellent definition.
The apps are faster and more responsive.
Still uses a lot of battery.
Can't get more than a day out of it.

This Moto Z Force Droid is an excellent phone.
It does all!

Battery life is excellent and I like the mods that you can get for it

Other than being a lot larger than my old phone, I cannot find anything to not like about this phone.
Great battery life, easy to use, and fast.

I am extremely happy with my iPhone and droid force phone, great service from the salesperson who helped with my purchase.

Phone is awesome.
Fast processor and fast charging.

Love this phone.
Great functionality.
Long battery life.
Great camera.
Great service from sales associates at Best Buy.

I love this phone.
This phone is beautiful and can't find a single flaw with it.
Can't wait for more Moto mods!!
!

This phone is definitely worth it if you can get the promo of $200 off and with a free included mod.
I got the JBL speaker mod.
The phone's battery life is amazing, and the phone itself is very quick and responsive.

I had a Samsung Note 7 that I really liked (in spite of the bad press) but had to get rid of it.
I decided not to go with another Samsung product and I'm glad I made that decision.
The Moto phone is rock solid and the only think it doesn't have that the Note 7 did , is a pen.

This phone is awesome!
With the moto JBL speaker mod, you have a portable music player that sounds great.
Can't wait for new moto mods to be developed!

The phone is great all around.
Charges fast and battery last all day.
Kinda hard to find mods and accessories right now.
Moto is back!!
!

Already loved Motorola phones (had the Droid Turbo before), and this one's even better.
Love the Moto Mods, great screen size, performance, everything.

During calls, the audio is distorted as if the speaker is busted.
Great phone everywhere else.

This was an upgrade from a RazrM.
I like Motorola software.
Easy to use.
Phone is fast and battery lasts for two days!

The hardware is great.
Screen clarity is perfect.
Camera takes great pictures (and fast too).
Have noticed some software glitches lately (after about a month of use) but those are most likely related certain apps I've installed (usually is)

So far, the phone has been awesome.
The battery easily lasts for the whole day.
The moto mods are nice, especially the speaker.

This phone is awesome no problems with it is a little longer on the bottom but completely understandable with the Moto Mods and fingerprint scanner on the bottom which is way more useful than I originally thought.

Very smooth and fast.
Camera is the best I have had.
Very happy with my decision to get the Z Force.

Don't buy, defective or the box twice what a waste

I'm very pleased with this phone.
It is very responsive to my needs as a power phone user.
I think the quick charge function is great.
I can use my phone with screen on for multiple hours and in a few minutes I'm back to full charge again.

I like phone a lot , but need to use it a little more to really, get the whole story ... so speak!

I only took this phone because you were out of stock on s7 edge and I had to return the note 7.
I returned it in about 3 days, as soon as I could get the s7 edge.

The battery life in my moto z force is great!
More than a full day usage with no problem!
I also love the moto mods!
Can't wait to get more!

I miss smaller phones.
The phone is big and ugly.
Also it's a pain to answer the phone when it's ringing.
I wouldn't recommend it, honestly.

For the size of the battery it doesn't last very long.

Even with a new battery in my S5, the Moto Z Force lasts twice as long.
Cant wait for more Moto Mods!
!

I have owned several of the Droid iterations and enjoy this one as much as the previous versions.
The battery life is incredible compared to other phones.
The user interface is predictable Android.
And, the special Motorola features like chop twice for flashlight and twist for camera are awesome.
If you're on the fence, I'd say go for it.

I like the speaker module.
Sound without speaker module not great.

I had a droid turbo and was time for my upgrades.
Love this phone, its fast and smooth.
I'm definitely a fan of motorola phones.

This is by far the best phone I ever had, and I have had many!

Beside running down real fast it overheats!
I though by upgrading to the Motorola phone I'd be getting the best deal!

No more laptop on vacation.
I used to take a laptop everywhere.
This phone was purchased thinking I could break that habit....it worked!

Good update to my current phone.
I love the mods.
The only bad thing I can think about is that it's a bit over priced.

Can't say enough about this beauty.
Even without the mods it's perfect.
Glad I went with this one as it's been a fantastic device that will be hard to give up.

this is an amazing phone.
love the micro sd card slot.
great battery life.
screen and camera look amazing

Good phone very fast.
Good sound.
The best part of the phone is the fact that you can charge your phone in 30 minutes.

I had been checking the internet almost daily, trying to get as much information on the Moto Z Force that I could.I needed a new phone and waited until this was available.
I like it a lot.
I like screen size and it is user friendly.
It was worth the wait.

Had to get it swapped twice as two units had defects out the box.
Best buy also never knows what to do so exchanges took over an hour each

This is my first Motorola and Judy have to say I love it.
Great pictures, easy to use, and lots of cool attachments.

my moto z force lasted for 4 months, the bluetooth audio quit.
went thru motorola customer support.
(in india) sent the phone in for repair came back not fixed.
best buy wont help out, they said sorry, you are on your own!
$800 phone plus the mods and worthless for a truck driver.

Great addition to the iPhone family.
A couple of things that really stand out: 1) The battery is great!, 2) the new "Portrait mode" exclusive to the iPhone 7plus is mind blowing.
It automatically blurs the background while keeping the foreground in focusing.
The clarity in the pictures is unreal.
3) the divisive removal of the headphone jack allowed for additional speaker to be placed in the phone.
Having the phone be twice as loud while watching a show or movie on it is very nice.
Overall, great phone.

I love the iPhone but needed a bigger so I can see it.
I was afraid it would be too big but it fits me well.
Love it

Absolutely love this phone!
I will never change from and iPhone!

Even though everyone was saying is same old phone with not much upgrades, it is great phone, it is quite fast, screen is very good, good battery life, iOS 10 is great also.

Pre ordered my phone online and got it right away in store.
Love the phone!

Needed a new upgrade for my mother.
she is I-phone fluent.
And not interested in other operating systems

Much faster than my old 6plus, and no more battery issues.

Same as all the other iPhones just water proof now and better battery

I got my 7 on release day and I am very happy with all the upgrades and the speed performance.
The new dual lens camera takes awesome pictures.
I never us m y camera anymore just my iphone.

I ordered an IPhone Plus 128 g on Sept. 20th and they delivered it on Sept. 24th when everywhere else the delays were almost a month.
Thanks Best Buy, you really came through.

Great phone.
Awesome camera, waterproof, landscape mode on any screen, although "OK google" is a bit more helpful than Siri.
Display is the clearest I've had, long lasting battery life, and to me the best thing is that there's practically no loading time.
It's super fast!

After needing to upgrade my wife's phone, we decided to upgrade both at the same time.
The upgrades are simple, but easy to get used to.
I have upgraded to a Plus and increased my memory, worth each additional penny.
Its much easier to read and browse the web, and the additional lens is a very nice touch.
Neither my wife or myself miss the audio jack as we have a multitude of bluetooth speakers throughout the house, we also have bluetooth headphones.
It is much nicer not having a cord connected to my phone when I'm trying to get work done, or at the gym, when I may need to use my phone for a short time and don't want to interrupt what I'm working on, or the music I am listening to.

I have he jet black iPhone , love the soft shiny finish .
It fits perfectly into my wallet.

I lucked out and got the Jet Black iPhone 7 Plus.
I love the look of the Jet Black, it's sharp.
A case is on it so no worries about fingerprints or smudges.
This is a great update to the iPhone lineup.
Definitely worth the purchase.

if you like iphones then you will really like this model with the exception of not having a head phone jack.
I use wireless headsets for all my calls and when I am at the gym.
I think the only time I will need a headset is when I am on a plane in airplane mode so not that big a deal.

Great phone.
I thought I was going to regret going with the bigger size 7 Plus (I had a regular 7 before) and boy I was wrong.
Now I look at the smaller 4.7" iPhones and they just look too small for me.
The finish on the Jet Black is great but I do suggest getting a simple Jet Black color rubber case (so you do not take away from it's look) as it can easily scratch.

Love especially the camera, been trying out all the features, clear & crisp pictures.
Speed faster than previous iPhones.
I've had every iPhone after the first one.
Very solid feeling performance.
Love the feel of the phone while holding it taking pictures or just working on it.

Trying out the iPhone 7plus.
So far so good.
Like the 14 day return policy as it helped with the decision.
Service was great and quick.
Everyone was quick to help and explain the process.

Always have, always will have an iPhone!
Must go get this!

When I first purchased this phone I found out it was cheaper to buy retail through a credit card.
This iPhone has really be reinvented to produce better battery life, and the phone has been pushed forward to be tough I've dropped this phone a few times and still no scratches.
Compared to other colors my gold iPhone hasn't scratched easily even working in construction it's been a good phone.
Internally I get better service as well.
Superb.

I had the 6 plus, decided to try the 7 plus.
I like the Live Photos and force touch.
Phone seems faster, still wish there was an in between size sometimes the plus is bigger than I prefer.

Great phone!
Apple does it again.
Love the camera and speaker features on the phone.

It's a great phone couldn't be happier battery life is great

Great iPhone that I have used yet.
Great camera and Super fast.

Going from a Galaxy S5 that was on it's last leg, to a brand new IPhone, I'm quite impressed with this phone.
I love the extra storage, the camera is great and the phone is super fast with no lag time.

The new A10 chip is very fast.
The added water resistance is nice to finally have.
Stereo speakers are an improvement in sound.
Not a complete redesign but a bunch of small improvements.

Great product, many uses.
Camera is exceptional.
No issues.

I got the iPhone 7 plus black since day 1 and I am really happy.

This iPhone is their best one yet.
I accidentally dropped it and no scratches!!!
Love it!

I have been an Android user (Samsung) for 6 years now.
With the recall of the Note 7, it left me stuck between a rock and a hard place.
With extensive research, the iPhone 7 Plus is the next best thing.
It's a beautifully crafted phone with no shortcuts.
The phone is fast, stylish and everything I was needing to help me get over the Samsung fiasco.
The missing head jack is no big deal for me as I have wireless headphones.
I would definitely recommend this phone for those on the fence of jumping from Android to Apple.

Upgrade from iPhone 6 to a iPhone 7 Plus.
Love it so much more.

I am enjoying the larger screen.
Love the sleek design.
Love two cameras

I love this phone but the price for is really absurd.
I suggest you only get this iPhone if you have Best Buy credit card.

When I say best iPhone yet I mean it it's skash and water resistant plus the 7 plus has two cameras and a new home button

This is my 5th iPhone, because of a current offer available it made the phone almost free.
It is very fast and user friendly but with the case makes it a little bulky

The IPhone has such amazing features and qualities built in.
It looks amazing and is super fast!
I could not wait to get it.
This is my 4th.
IPhone series already, and clearly the best.
There is so much storage for all my songs, pictures, and videos.
I found my perfect phone !

I love my new phone and I was very happy with the customer service

Totally waterproof, super thin, works hella fast.
This phone is beautiful!

A little big but great battery life.
Nice display.

My son broke his phone so I gave my IP6 and got a IP7.
Big difference in the camera and a lot faster.

I have always been an Android user and would have purchased the Note 7 if they had not been defective.
My Note 3 was 3 years old and I decided to purchase the iPhone 7 Plus and have not been disappointed.
Great phone.
Easy to use.
I am glad I made the switch.

I am not an Apple user but thanks to the disappointment of Samsung caused me to switch.
I like the phone I am still learning but it seems to be a pretty good phone.

The new iPhone 7 Plus is great.
Love the speed of operation and the camera is excellent.

Love my new phone.
First time getting the plus size.
Great design!

Awesome phone, depth effect with camera is mind blowing.

This is the best iphone so far.
I highly recommend it.

upgrade my phone and really satisfied.
The camera is improved.

I love my big phone!
Wouldn't trade it for any other phone!

Excellent phone with a great high definition camera.

Although the hardware hasn't been innovated recently, the camera is truly a great upgrade and I'm loving taking pictures with it.
The device is definitely much faster and the battery life is amazing.
I can't wait to try out the depth of field feature once it's released.

Finally upgraded my iPhone 5s.
Did not want to go too big and the 6s was the correct choice.

Great phone!
Long battery life.
This is my 3rd iPhone and I couldn't be happier!

It is what my daughter was looking goooooooooooooood

Loved it, bought it for my wife n it's way better than previous versions

Sounds like I'm sitting next to the person I'm speaking with.

Great quality as always.
Had apple 5c.
6s is by far better

Daughter switched from a Samsung phone to iPhone.
She absolutely loves it and says it's best phone she's ever had.

The best phone ever, I really recommend it to everybody

Another iPhone added to the plan.
Great phone, easy to use, and very reliable.

It's a great smartphone I love it enjoy it every single time I use it I'm in love with it

I'm very happy with my purchase of the iPhone 6. !

tax is charged more $17.03 ( $49.41 for $32.38) pl

Apple keeps getting better.
The interface is quick and amazing.
Crystal clear clarity and the updated processing speed is quicker than my wifes new Samsung

My son loves this phone.
So many great options.
Easy to use.

Purchased for my son.
Works well so far.
Some really great features.

It does everything I need it to do and is a huge upgrade from the iPhone 5.
Love the pretty color too.

I absolutely love this phone.
It's perfect.
Good camera too.

Very happy with phone.
It came unlocked and I was able to activate on Sprint without any issue.

iPhone is working great!
I love it.
They even helped me set it up!

My 16 year had to have an iPhone...he finally got one and loved it.
I don't know how to use it but he does...he loves it.

I don't like it that much I wanted to switch to the 6s Plus but went over my 14 days so I'm stuck with this.

Finally upgraded from a flip phone, love it.

Great phone as a starter phone or a primary phone.

It's an iPhone and you know it's good.
This was a gift for my daughter and she loves it.

having a earphone plug is must..
I also have 7plus....but I like 6s better

My son loves his new Apple phone and all its features.
Very easy to use.

This phone is the best out there for the price no problems after using for several months.

Does not have the feature where I can change voice to text.

iPhones are so easy to use and very reliable.
Adding a fourth iPhone to our family plan.

iPhone works great no complaints love it no problems

I love my new iphone!
The camera features are fabulous

It's beyond my expectations, it's a wonderful device and make decisions for your life.

Got this for my son and he loves it.
FaceTime quality is fantastic

Went from a flip phone to the 6s, love it.
Have a lot to learn about the features yet.

Great phone and it was wonderful to receive a gift card as well.

Love my iPhone 6.
This is my second one, due to dropping my first in water.
Love the rose gold color.

This phone was an amazing buy!
The customer service was over the top!

I think Iphone 6s is perfect I ever owned.
not too big, not too small.
it is super fast and works with almost all the us carrier.

Love my iPhone but I wish they kept the voice message from the 3GS.

Good size not bulky.
Easy to read screen.
Love it.

Love this phone.
It is light weight & easy to read.

Have had this phone about a month, and have had no problems.
I specifically chose this phone because I wanted a traditional headphone jack.

Decided to go with the 6 over the 7.
So far it's a great phone.

Flip phone to iPhone 4,back to flip and now this.
Super ez purchase, always helpful staff and imho, good value for money.

Best phone I have ever purchased.
I would recommend to everyone.

Got new iPhone 6 for my son he is really enjoying it!

Performance is great.

I am not a cell phone person, so I don't need the newest phone.
The 6s is a good phone at a good price.

My college-aged daughter needed a new iPhone.
This was the size she wanted, plus it was so much cheaper than all the other options.
A great choice!

Operation system and battery life is wonderful and user friendly for those new to Iphone software.

I'm an avid Samsung user and I must say this is by far the best phone I've ever used!
It just works!
Must give it a try.
You won't be disappointed at all!

Previous to buying this phone I had a Samsung Note 4 that was my favorite phone to date.
I don't regret trading it for the Pixel XL.
I like the features of the phone and Google Assistant is great, but my favorite thing is no third party bloatware.
I hated all the Samsung app add-ons that I could not get rid of, the Pixel does not have this issue.

I was expecting a little more from this phone.
There were no issues with it, but it doesn't really excite me.
Solid hardware, great battery life, good reception on Verizon.
But nothing really makes this phone stand out as excellent.
I never was able to get the fingerprint sensor to work.

Good phone, really good camera, set up like the iPhone

Great phone, I would recommend this products to all my family and friends and I am pretty sure they would like it

Traded in my second Samsung Galaxy Note 7 for this phone, what great luck!!!
I love this phone!

It's been a nice phone.
Although it's slippery so get a case right away!

This was a replacement for my note 7 it's OK but I would prefer my note7

Upgraded from an iPhone 6s plus, it's ok, but to get straight to the point, i believe I would have been better off getting the iPhone 7 plus...

This phone is great.
Very fast and sleek, I love the OS and uploading pics straight to the cloud.

Love this phone.
It's fast and has no bloatware.
Camera is sharp.
Wish it had wireless charging.
Should have bought the 128gb though because I don't see replacing it for a while.

Great phone still learning everything this baby can do!

Great first phone, can't wait to see what's next!
!

i'm in love for my google pixel, the phone is perfect, the camera is amazing, it is always fluid never frozen.

Love the ok Google.
Great camera!
Finding new things daily.

Great phone.
Better then Galaxy.
Would highly recommend this to anyone.

Love my new pixel xl.
Came from the note 7 and has certain features I like more than the samsung.
Overall it feels a little faster than the note and is a little smaller and lighter.
I do miss the stylus of the note 7 and the sleek look it had, but other than that I don't miss much switching to the pixel.

This is a solid phone, there are a lot of mediocre points to it, but it is a pretty smooth phone and runs well.
I just cant get over the price, debating whether it is worth it or not.

Just awesome work from Google.
No Comments, Quality was so premium and OS was so polished.

Interesting specifications!
I am excited to have it on hand, but why ONLY Verizon?

Has Google specific apps; allo, duo, etc.
Charges a little slow and no removable storage.
Other than that awesome smart phone.

It's a very nice phone and has a nice camera and screen

So many cool features.
The camaraderie is the best.

I got this for my son for his 17th bday and he lives it and all the things it does.

Best buy forgot to add my protection plan to this phone.
My first pixel had software issues which they helped zero and told me to contact the manufacturer.
Not impressed.

One of the best Android phone I have ever seen it a while.

Since my note 7 turned into an IED then this is the next best thin

great phone except bug that wont allow you to connect bluetooth devises in 7.1.1

this phone is WAY better than an iphone and has many features

Really enjoy this phone.
The camera is good and so is the software.

I got this as a replacement for the Note 7.
It is not quite the note 7 but close.

The only thing i can complain about is the internet connectivity.
i do have issues with it holding my ip address and then it stops working when there is a conflict and I need to reboot.
Also, if not rebooted at least once a week, i get lagging when switching from app to app.

Great phone for Googles first.
Would love if it has low light option with the camera.
Can't wait to see what's next!

Loving it so far.. Google did an AWESOME job!!
Allows me to access all of my documents without converting.

Great camera, smooth screen response, simple design but the hardware and software are amazing.
Only con for me is the inability to use mobile data during a phone call.

Amazing phone.
I have owned top end Windows, Android, and Apple phones, and this simply outclasses all others before it.

"Okay Google" is such a helpful thing, but not helpful all the time.
Hoping for a better phone in the future.

Great phone the only complaint I have is that one day you have the video chat option and one day you may not and no one seem be able to fix it

I am really liking my new google phone so far it's great!
!

I like the simplicity of the device.
While it still allows you to cusmize it.

By far the fastest Android phone I have ever used.
The UI is buttery smooth, the camera takes great pictures, and the battery life could get you through 2 days of casual use.
Daydream VR is a nice addition allowing this phone to stand out even more but in the end this phone gets all the essentials right.
Even the live cases google has come out with is just an awesome addition to the phone.

Google has done an excellent job designing this phone, I have enjoyed using it over the past month.

The only thing I can think of is I bought it to soon.
Now they are giving them away or for as low as $10.
Otherwise it is a pretty good phone..

Top notch phone.
It has the best rated camera on any cell phone.
Phone is very fast and responsive.

Excellent phone!
The google phone/data plan is an awesome price.
This phone totally met my expectations!
Would recommend to anyone!

What a horrible phone!
It drops calls, even after the latest fix.
I'm having failed e-mails.
Turns out lots of pixel owners are having trouble.
I'm hearing unhappy customers get referred back and forth from Verizon to Google.
Expensive piece of junk!

If you want a nice phone with nice features that drops 50 percent of the calls then this is the phone for you.I Paid 159 for Geek squad protection and they want to charge me a 150 deductible to send me back a refurbished phone when Verizon wireless and Google say it is a device issue and the phone should be replaced with new device.

This phone is a thing of beauty.
This phone features an awesome camera, great speed and (my favorite feature of this phone) Google Assistant.

I got to play around with a Google Pixel For a weekend and let me tell you I am truly impressed.
Google has added a beautiful camera and the all new google assistant.
This phone moved with every button I touch and just was very smoove in all of its movements.
With the Samsung out of the way I say this is the phone to go for.

The Pixel XL is a boring phone physically, but the software and battery life is amazing.

